###Chapter 1
Monday, January 22


    (Cole’s POV)


    It’s the jarring of the bus as it turns off the main road onto the gravel drive that wakes me from my slumber. It’s been a grueling twelve hour ride from my home pack, Red Fang, southwest to Crimson Dawn. I’ve heard rumors about this pack. Both from those who have visited through the warrior prospect program and just the general rumors that float around about every pack.


    It’s one of the hardest packs to get into through the prospect program and a warrior from Red Fang has yet to be offered a position here. Now that I think about it, I don’t think any of our warriors have ever made it into the second run anywhere, at least not during the year and a half since my father started allowing me to attend. This makes me wonder how much of the selection process is based on skill versus the negative rumors that float around.


    Crimson Dawn is said to be a strict and unforgiving pack. That, just like my own, it’s easy to find yourselfid over a desk on the receiving end of a thin leather belt. These are the only packs my father allows me to go to. The ones with the harshest reputations for killing rogues and intolerances for anyone weak or different. The rumors I’ve heard about us are no different. That every pack, within the maximum twelve hour drive, sees us as barbaric and cruel. I can’t help but agree as my father is both, at least he is towards me.


    Every pack that joins the prospect program has three choices; ept warriors into their training program but don’t send any out, send warriors out to other packs but not ept any in or they do both. After five years of no one from other packs requesting toe to ours for training my father changed his status in the program so that he simply handles warriors from his own pack plus White Fang and White Moon packs. This year is the first time Crescent Moon has joined since we allied with them.


    This particr run is the first time that my father has one hundred and twenty wolves between four packs participating, which means we have a full roster of twenty-four wolves, between Red Fang and our newest ally Crescent Moon, on this bus. My understanding is that membership in each costs money and it was cheaper for my father to change to simply sending warriors out then to continue waiting for warriors toe in.


    I am the youngest son of Alpha Charles Redmen, the alpha and sole leader of the Red Fang pack. I am the youngest of his six kids. I was born prematurely and, unlike my twin Chloe, struggled to breathe on my own. I guess that’s where everything started. My father wanted nothing to do with a weakling like me. So I became the son he didn’t want, the son he felt was undeserving of my very life.


    I yawn and slowly stretch, careful to stifle the yelps desperate to jump from my throat as the injuries from the beating I sustained Saturday night have yet to start healing. I peek outside therge window of the charter bus that had been sent to my pack to pick us up for the ride to Crimson Dawn. It’s the first time I’ve been on one sorge andfortable. To cut down on the amount of time prospects were on the road the council recently mandated that only charter buses could be used on trips over three hours so drivers only had to stop for meal breaks.


    The darkness outside adds to my general unease of being away from home. I was one of the first ones on the bus, eager to get away from the ce that has never been home for me yet my anxiety spikes every time I enter a new territory. I’ve been to three packs since my father caved and started allowing me out of the territory. The alpha of all three packs were simr to my own, intolerant of my medical and mental health weaknesses. I take arge assortment of medication when I’m able to get my hands on them. I look down at my hands as I feel them start to shake, silently cursing my father for preventing me from walking to Red General where I had several months of asthma and anxiety medication waiting for me. It’s been a grueling three and a half months since I ran out of the majority of my medication. I ran out just two weeks before returning early from the Red Moon pack and it’s been impossible for me to get over to the hospital to pick up more. He has gone out of his way to force me to participate in our private training sessions. At least that’s what he calls it when he talks to the rest of the pack about me.


    Even as a young adult I’m subjected to his abuse, his torment. My body still aches constantly from Saturday night’s beating and I haven’t quite shaken off the concussion Andre gave me. Recently, even my oldest brother and his luna have joined in his sick game. All my life I’ve been called weak and undeserving of the alpha title. That his beatings were designed to strengthen me, to teach me how to be the brutal alpha he feels is proper and respectable. He ruined my chances of ever being an alpha when he took a whip to me on my fifteenth birthday. It will be eight years since he changed my lifepletely in just five more days. On Saturday I will turn twenty-three, not that it matters much. Unlike the rest of my siblings, my birth has never been celebrated.


    I know that at five foot ten inches I’m on the small side for an alpha, where the average height is six foot to six foot two inches, but I am not tiny. When I’m in my best condition I’m a stocky but muscr two hundred and twenty pounds. I’ve been to three packs since I’ve started the program. All three packs sent everyone in Red Fang home after only three months and anyone that gets booted early has to wait for the next run to start. Every run is a total of six months with some prospects hopping from one pack to the next for eighteen months before returning home. To my knowledge that has never happened to a Red Fang warrior.


    I steady my shaking hands by starting into my mostmon stim, squeezing my hands into tight fists before rxing and doing it again. It doesn’t take long, as I absentmindedly look out the window, to develop the calming stimtion that I need to deal with my growing anxiety. Oddly, thest pack I was at, Red Moon, was the first time that I was on medication during the run. It did help with the initial meeting and testing but it wasn’t enough to keep my nightmares away.


    The full moon is a blessing as it illuminates the dense forest that borders the long drive into the Crimson Dawn territory. My wolf whines lightly in my head as my peaceful beast has never had the true ability to simply run through the forest as other wolves have. We found out the hard way that I will never be a “normal” werewolf. My father’s hesitance to allow me to join the program makes me wonder if he’s discovered my biggest secret, one that I want no one to know. That the whipping eight years ago permanently damaged the nerves in my lower back, making it impossible for me to shift safely. This has resulted in me doing everything in my own power to keep everyone, both my packmates and anyone involved in the program, from finding out that I’m a non-shifter.


    Normally non-shifters are werewolves who are born without their wolves. True non-shifters are quitemon in the omega and gamma ranks with about fifty percent of the omega rank being affected. It is extremely rare, only around five percent, to find a non-shifter in the alpha rank and even those that are found tend to be in a simr situation as me, with permanent damage that keeps their shift from being safe.


    Their ability to inherit and retain the werewolf’s super fast healing depends on when their injury happens. If it happened before their first shift then their ability to heal remains in a child-like phase. While werewolf pups still heal quicklypared to humans or hi-brids, it still takes four weeks for a pup to heal the same injury that takes an adult only one. Which is the situation I’m in, when in good condition it takes about four weeks for me to heal a broken bone. No matter the circumstances, a non-shifter cannot be a warrior as a non-shifter is just as vulnerable to being easily killed in battle as a pregnant she-wolf or a pup. Fortunately my end goal is not to be a warrior.


    My desire is to gain two things and two things alone. I’m using what little training I receive from each pack and creating it into my own self-defense. Since all training is geared towards the shifting wolf I have to modify it to fit my needs but I’m a fast learner and very creative. It’s in this way that I intend to formte a means of defending myself strictly in my human form. My second goal is finding my mate. The one and only she-wolf that the Moon Goddess has created just for me, my other half.
###Chapter 2
 I started asking my father about the prospect program when I was eighteen, the youngest that you can be epted into the program. My n was to use the program to find my mate. It’s amon method used to get into other alphas’ territories which is usually the best way to find her. My n, once I found her, is to join her pack if she has a decent alpha, or to run away to the human’s world and live peacefully among them.


    He gave me a hard time and several beatings before he caved. I was just shy of my twenty-first birthday when he finally submitted the application to the council. I was epted into my first run, the Blue mountain pack about six hours south of Whitefield, New Hampshire six monthster.


    Soon the dense forest thins out revealing a massiveplex much bigger than all the packs I’ve been to so far. The pack house is easily identifiable, as it’s always the first building anyone entering the territory by car will see. Theplex is well lit giving it the appearance of a small city illuminating the pack house against the moonlit sky.


    The pack house is four stories high with what appears to be a massive ground floor. It’spletely white withrge white pirs in the front behind a small set of stairs. Large, french style double doors are centered between bay windows with smaller double windows beside them. As the bus continues its trek through theplex I’m able to catch a glimpse of the backside of the house, it extends back nearly twice as far as it is wide.


    I look briefly at my watch and shake my head in silence. I knew today would be a long day as my father only signs me up for the packs that are farthest away but I certainly wasn’t expecting it to be nearly nine at night. Even with the early sunsets ofte January I wasn’t expecting it to be quite this dark, it didn’t help that the bus got ate start. With fourteen of the twenty-four prospects being brand new to the program and on their first trip out, they were eitherte getting to the bus or packed more than the bus could carry.


    Even though I find it overwhelming to meet new alphas, betas and deltas it doesn’tpare to the gut wrenching, stomach churning anxiety I experience when I find myself returning home. My only friend Jamie once asked me what I would do if I were given the opportunity to stay away from home. I have frequently pondered that question for over a year but still have no answer.


    All I know is that years ago I vowed to find my mate and as long as she is residing in a pack better than mine, I would move in with her. If her pack honors the old tradition of the mate’s iming ceremony, I will request to have one as it’s the only way I know I can rid myself of the Redmen name. I will take hers instead. Neither she nor my children, if my father hasn’t ruined that for me too, will ever experience the hell that I have lived. They will never know my side of the family as they might as well be dead to me. It’s already been made very clear that I am nothing to them so ridding myself of them permanently shouldn’t make a big difference.


    It’s the squealing brakes of the bus that pulls me from my thoughts as ites to a stop in front of arge apartmentplex. Based on my previous trips with the prospect program it’s easy for me to guess that thisplex, less than a quarter mile west of the pack house, is the prospect’s dormitory. I’m immediately impressed as the grandeur of the apartmentplex is equal to that of the pack house, peaking my interest in how the rest of the pack lives. I can easily make out threerge, three story buildings. The interior lights of only one building, the one the bus parked in front of is lit. It too, has a double door entrance but instead of french doors they are ss and appear to be motion activated. There are also tons of windows exposing it to lots of natural light and air. The two upper floors have balconies while the ground floor has a small concrete patio. All of them have two outdoor chairs set off to the side.


    As I continue my watch out the window my attention is soon drawn to several figures exiting the dormitory and heading towards the bus. It’s only a few secondster that the door to the bus opens and half the prospects stand, preparing to disembark. The driver holds out his hand, halting everyone’s movements before bowing slightly at the neck towards the young man that boards the bus.


    “Please, take a seat. It’s going to be a few minutes before you start getting off.”


    Das, a delta from my pack, doesn’t seem to take the young man seriously and remains standing while all the first timers sit back down. It’s easy to see why Das has an issue with his authority.


    He looks young, too young to actually be in the program, let alone to lead it. He’s a tall, stocky, fair skinned young male with straight, ink ck hair and bright sky blue eyes. A strikingbination that I haven’t encountered before. Despite the respectful bow he received from the driver telling me he’s of a higher rank, he’s down on one knee while speaking quietly to the driver. I watch their interaction closely as the driver seems to be keeping eye contact with this young man, something I don’t see back home.


    It only takes a moment for Das to leave his seat and start down the aisle, acting as if he’s going to push his way by the man speaking to the driver. The young man stands to face the group just as Das stops in front of him.


    “Please head back to your seat and wait until instructions have been given.”


    “Who are you to be ordering us around? We are grown warriors here and you’re nothing more than a pup.”


    Now that Das is standing close to this upper ranked wolf I have the ability topare his size. He easily has two to three inches in height on Das, who is approximately five foot nine inches, making him at least six foot tall and his young appearance indicates that he’s not done growing. His eyes sh ck as his wolf briefly makes an appearance and his aura grows.


    “Head back to your seat and wait for instructions.”


    He growls out the directive, this time leaving no room for doubt that he’s an alpha. Fortunately, Das relents his hardheadedness and starts back to his seat as the driver stands and exits the bus. Secondster I can hear the under bus storage being opened and conversation between multiple people have started.


    “Wee to Crimson Dawn.” The young man calls our attention back to him.


    “I am Alpha Damian ck, son of Alpha Demetri ck, leader of this pack. I will be one of several trainers you will be interacting with during your stay here. Alpha Dominic Cullen is another.”


    Alpha Damian has started walking slowly towards the back of the bus as the footsteps of another is heard climbing aboard. A second young man appears at the front of the bus, standing calmly next to the driver’s seat. He appears older, of an appropriate age to be a prospect if he wanted to be. His physical appearance is almost opposite of Alpha ck though much moremon. He appears to be of a simr height to the first alpha but sports a buzz cut dirty blond hair with dark brown eyes.


    My anxiety is growing at an rming rate as none of the previous packs had alphas greeting us as soon as we arrived. I can feel my eyes starting to dart around, looking for a quick exit that I know doesn’t exist while sitting on the bus. I’m finding it hard to focus on either one of these two alphas. Knowing that they are both alphas has me on edge as I struggle to keep the thoughts of them punishing me at bay.
###Chapter 3
“Since it’ste and I’m certain you’re all tired from such a long trip, I will save the majority of the details of our rules and expectations for Monday’s orientation. All prospects are given the same general introduction to our pack before they get off the bus. The time and location of the orientation meeting will be announced Friday evening once we are certain that all five buses have arrived. I believe that my father will be running three different meetings due to therger than normal response to this run. My father will be the primary speaker but myself, Alpha Dominic, Alpha Lucas, Beta Patrick and Beta Parker will also be there to cover anything that my father misses as well as to answer any questions you may have.

    All of us will have some involvement with you during your training here at Crimson Dawn. As I am certain you have already heard, we are a strict and when needed, unforgiving pack and we do implement physical punishment in ordance with councilws.

    If you are caught in the act of raping or assaulting anyone; male or female, a member of your pack or a non-pack member, be prepared to present your bare ass to my father in his office where he has a leather belt waiting with your name on it. The penalty for rape or assault starts at ten full strength hits but he is allowed up to half your age. I can assure you from personal experience you will not sitfortably for a few days afterwards. For those of you who can’t do math, and you will be tested on your level of education, that means if you’re twenty-four years old you can receive up to twelve full strength hits to your bare skin before you are sent home and a report filed with the council. Odd numbered ages receive the lower amount.

    We also have a zero tolerance policy for fighting, stealing, unauthorized drug use, and alcohol abuse. Only prescription drugs that we are notified of this week before your physical or those disclosed in your prospect application will be tolerated. If you test positive for any drug that you have not disclosed to us or drugs that are purely recreational in nature, you will be sent home and a report filed with the council.

    Stealing and fighting that is not directly witnessed by a credible source will be penalized until an investigation ispleted. If the investigation shows that you stole something you will be sent home and a report filed. Fighting is the same as assault. The only difference is if we don’t witness who started it all parties involved will receive the same penalty until we find out who did. The aggressor of the fight will be sent home and a report filed.

    For those of you who are twenty-one or older, limited alcohol consumption is allowed on Friday and Saturday nights. However, we will not tolerate anyone getting shitfaced drunk. This is the only intolerance that we have a three strikes rule on. Your first offense will earn you a fullp around the fifty mile perimeter of our territory, second offense is a week on house arrest and your third offense will get you sent home and reported to the council. We expect you to know your limit or don’t drink at all. Underaged drinking will get you sent home on the first offense and don’t try to lie. It takes less than ten minutes to verify your age.

    Both blood and urine will be collected during next week’s physical. We will be testing for everything. Drugs, sexually transmitted infections, nutritional deficiencies and organ enzyme levels just to name a few. It is important to keep in mind that random urinalysis for drugs is permitted so do not think that you’re going to stop using just long enough to get through the initial drug screen then you can start again.

    We are already arge packpared to most of those bringing prospects in so our standards have been set high for prospects to be invited to a second run. Only thirty wolves from all three runs will get invited back for the second run and our expectations are even higher during that run for you to get offered a position here.

    If you have not disclosed to the council prescription medication that you are on or if you have recently been ced on long term medication, you need to request a private meeting with my father. Bring with you all medications that you are on so he can record the type, dosage and doctor that has prescribed it. Also be prepared to discuss why you are on the medication. It is important that you disclose this information so that we can maintain you on the medication you have already been prescribed.

    All of you are warrior prospects, training while you are here is your job. You will be tested mentally and physically so we can put you into groups appropriate for your skill level. You will have physical training, eight hours a day in various disciplines Monday thru Thursday and you will have a mix, four hours of physical training and four hours in the ssroom, on Friday. Training happens mostly outdoors no matter the weather so dress inyers appropriately. Saturday and Sunday are your days off which is why we will allow light drinking on Friday and Saturday nights as there is to be no alcohol in your system when you report to training on Monday.

    Dominic and I will be giving you your room assignment before you leave the bus to collect your belongings. There are twenty rooms per floor, ten on the east side and ten on the west, so four of you will be randomly assigned rooms on the second floor. No one will be bunking together. Each room is an efficiency apartmentplete with a full bath, small apartment sized refrigerator and medium sized microwave. First floor apartments have a stacked washer and dryer while the second and third floor ones have argeundry room located on the southern end of the building. When using themunalundry room you are expected to know what is yours. Taking someone else’s clothing is stealing and will not be tolerated. Forcing your way into another wolf’s room also will not be tolerated.

    Each floor has two closets that you can get everyday supplies from. There are two sets of stairs. One on the east side of the building the other is on the west. Both are on the north end. The closet containing basic cleaning supplies and a variety ofundry detergents and conditioners is located in the room in front of the eastern stairs. The room on the western side contains personal hygiene products as well as bottled water and shelf stable food and snacks that you can take back to your room. The closets are stocked every Saturday and once again, please be adults and do not hoard items from the closets. There will be a total of sixty wolves living in this building by Wednesday.

    Second and third floor recreational areas have a television. Second floor has an xbox hooked up to it, the third floor has a PS4. Failure to share the game systems will result in the games being taken away. We took them away during thest run we had so don’t think that it won’t happen as it will. Air hockey and foosball tables are on the second floor and a full size pool table is on the third.

    You are all adults and we expect you to act that way. With that being said, disagreements happen, especially when multiple packs are housed together. However, fist fighting is assault and will not be tolerated. If fist fighting is the only way you feel a disagreement can be settled then you are to report it. Your best contacts are going to be myself, Dominic, Lucas, Patrick, or Parker. You can take the matter straight to my dad if you feel the need, he has an open door policy. You will not be penalized for anything you bring to us. If by the time you make the report you still want to fight, then we will arrange a sparring match for the next day. A controlled one on one fight, without shifting, until one party submits with no major injuries. As I said earlier, assault will earn you a one way ticket out of our territory.”
###Chapter 4
“Sex is allowed, although I don’t smell any she-wolves on this bus so at least for this first night I don’t think that’s going to be much of an issue. Sex is to be protected at all times no matter if she ims to be on the pill or not. A variety of condoms will be stocked in the personal hygiene closets in buildings A and B. Building C is reserved for the female warriors and personal hygiene products are changed ordingly. You will be interviewed about all sexual interactions you’ve had beforeing here and notified of any positive tests thate from the STI testing. We will treat any treatable diseases detected during testing.


    We know it’smon for males to use this program to find their fated mates. It is alsomon for rtionships outside of fated mates to ur. While rtionships are frowned upon by the council during temporary stays at a pack, we have yet to have a group that hasn’t had multiple wolves in rtionships by the time they leave. We simply ask that you keep public disys of affection chaste and to a minimum. We do have very young wolves in this pack. Two of those young wolves are my four year old sisters. I will not be pleased if one of them were toe across one of you engaging in a make-out session, hard forey or actual sex.


    All sexual activity shall be performed in your room, penalties will be given to those who don’tply. You are expected to remain focused on your training. If you are in a rtionship that impairs that focus please alert us to it so we can amodate you better. We want to see the best side of you that you can present.


    Do not present us with false ims of theft, rape or assault as all usations are thoroughly investigated and if we find a false im was made with malice, you will be sent home. Bullying is not tolerated and will be promptly penalized. Cigarette smoking is not permitted indoors. If you are a smoker, please approach Dominic or myself about a third floor room. These are the only rooms set up with a butt can outside on the balcony. Improper disposal of your butts will revoke your smoking privilege.


    Monday through Friday, you are expected to be up, showered and dressed appropriately for training outside of the dining hall by 7am which is when my father will start morning announcements. Training will start promptly at 8am, penalties will be given to those who are more than five minuteste and those who abuse the five minute allowance. We will stop training at eleven thirty to give you time to make it to the dining hall for lunch at twelve. Training resumes at one and will end at five thirty. Dinner is at six.


    We do extensive testing the first four weeks that you are here, your actual training will start once everyone has been tested for strength, endurance, problem solving and morality skills and divided into the appropriate sses for each area. Dominic and I will assist you with keeping the schedule during this first week. I strongly advise you to use any free time you have to get to know the area. You will need to know how to get to the dining hall and the various training areas on your own by next Monday.


    Our territory isrger than most and it’s important that you don’t get lost. Anyone without a cell phone should meet with one of the trainers privately so we can get you one. Everyone else, the phone numbers to every person you will interact with regrly, including the Alpha and Luna of the pack, are posted on the white board just inside the dormitory. We ask that you at least program my father’s number into your phone but having everyone’s number will provide you the best chances of reaching someone.


    Anymon issues that we see will be addressed during morning announcements, any schedule changes for the next day will be announced before dinner. You are not required to stay at the dining hall to eat and you don’t have to report to the dining hall during lunch but the kitchen staff will start cleaning up forty-five minutes after the start of each meal. Lastly, I do apologize as that simple introduction to our pack went way longer than I had anticipated.” He finishes with a smile.


    Long before he had finished covering what most wolves would want to know the first night in a new territory, he and Alpha Cullen had handed out the keys to each of our rooms. They started together in the center and worked their way out, returning to their original positions. I have always chosen the seat furthest away from the door as it’s the shortest distance I have to walk to the bathroom.


    I’m thest one to receive a key and frown as the card attached to it reads 205A. Looks like I’m on the second floor. Alpha ck is now standing a foot behind me after he’s given me my key. Alpha Cullen has exited the bus prompting the majority of the eager warriors to stand and follow after him. I have always stayed behind as crowding others to get off the bus has never been my style, plus it gives my nerves a little time to dpress before I’m required to function like there is nothing wrong with me.


    “One more thing,” Alpha ck interrupts the crowd fighting to get off the bus. “Since we knew you would be arrivingte we had the kitchen crew set up a variety of cold cuts and drinks in the entrance hall. You’re wee to sit and chat with each other or grab a te full and head to your room.”


    He smiles with a nod as two dozen male wolves work on exiting the bus and gathering their things from underneath. Although this is the mostfortable bus I’ve ever traveled on, my injuries have made me incredibly stiff and slow at getting started.


    “Hey there, what’s your name?”


    I look up, somewhat startled as I’ve never been addressed before getting off the bus. I make eye contact with the young alpha before quickly looking away, head and eyes trained to the floor of the bus. Over the years my father has made me extremely submissive for an alpha.


    “Hey, you haven’t done anything wrong. I just wanted to know your name.” He speaks casually with a slight chuckle in his voice.


    “I’m sorry Alpha ck. My name is Cole.”


    He hangs his head, slowly shaking it back and forth.


    “Did I say something wrong?” I ask, already worried that I’m screwing up.


    “No, not at all.” He responds with a broad smile on his face. “It’s just the first time anyone has bothered to call me Alpha ck.”


    “Is there something else you would prefer to be called?”


    I’m failing miserably at steadying my trembling voice and my nervousness has worsened my grasping tic. He ces his hand on mine causing me to jump and make eye contact with him. Before I can look away he stops me.


    “Keep it, Cole. Eye contact is eptable here. The only time we expect submission is when you’re being disciplined. Considering you’re from Red Fang I know that we tend to have a lot of trouble with prospects from that pack but something tells me you’re different. Don’t be afraid of us, just be yourself. We are strict but fair and if you stay the full six months you have a chance at the second run. Are you new to this? How old are you?”


    “I’m not new. New locations, schedules and people tend to make me nervous until I get used to everything. I’ll be twenty-three Saturday.”


    “You’re young but older than me.” He says with a smile. “Alpha Damian, okay. Alpha ck just sounds too much like talking to my father.”


    I nod my head and offer him a shy smile as I look away.


    “Hey,” he says, reaching his hand out to me. I timidly take his hand as he pulls me from my seat. “It’s been a long ride. Let’s get you settled in and something to eat.”


    I take a deep breath as he motions towards the front of the bus. I head that direction, taking my time on the stairs. I take a few steps away from the bus once I’m on the ground making sure Alpha Damian has enough room to get off. I look around to see that all the luggage put in storage under the bus has been pulled out and ced on the ground. I immediately spot Taylor and Tyler, fraternal twins, alreadying to blows over their luggage. I was surprised when Alpha Damian excused himself from me to break the twins up. I’ve never been important enough for anyone in the higher chain of my pack to be polite.
###Chapter 5

 I watch silently as the young alpha grabs both of their necks, one in each hand and pulls them apart while in a booming Alpha voicemands; “Submit!”


    Both of them struggle but eventually fall to their knees, growling loudly at one another.


    “I just told you no fist fighting and no sooner than you get off the bus you’reing to blows, over what?”


    “He’s taking my bag!”


    “No I’m not! Your bag is over there!”


    I can’t help but facepalm myself as I listen to them argue. No fighting, no drugs, no raping and no shit faced drunks. Sounds like a pack that just wants you to be responsible, reasonable and take care of one another. Here are the two youngest warriors who qualify for the program and they act like mere children.


    I walk over to the matching pack to the one they’re squabbling over and kneel down beside it. I go over it with a fine toothb finally locating a tag with the name Taylor on it. I sigh and shake my head as I pick up the pack and walk over to the twins. I stand silently until they stop arguing and notice that I’m there.


    “What the hell do you want!” Taylor yells as he tightens his grip on the pack he’s holding.


    “I would think at eighteen years old you would be mature enough to check the tag on the bag before arguing over it. Plus you’re twins. I thought everything you owned matched.”


    My voice is quiet and submissive in nature. I’ve learned the hard way how to talk without ruffling the feathers of anyone as dad has used any report of disrespect as a logical reason to have me brought to his office so he could beat me as a child, the training center after I broke his desk four years ago.


    I reach down to the tag on the bag I am holding and flip it in my hand exposing the name on the tag before looking at Taylor with my head cocked slightly. He lets out a final growl before tossing the bag he’s holding hard into Tyler’s chest. Alpha Damian lets them both go, stepping back as they stand.


    Taylor approaches me quickly, snatching his bag from my hand before going towards the pile of luggage I had picked it from. I sigh lightly as I look among the luggage looking for my second backpack and my duffel bag. Unfortunately I don’t spot them quickly enough and someone else has grabbed at least one of them.


    I start looking around for sources of water. I’ve been going around to different packs in the warrior program with two of the same prospects for thest eighteen months so I know their games now. It’s only after the bus pulls away that I spot my duffel bag and all its contents spread out in the mud. I sigh and run my hand through my chocte brown hair, disappointed in myself. I’d win money betting on the idea that the twins were used as a distraction to me.


    I walk slowly towards the water, testing the area to see how deep the water is as I don’t think I can handle the pain from the numerous cuts and burns all over my body getting wet, especially therge blister that is wrapped around my left thigh.


    I can’t see the rest of the group but I can tell that two more of them are arguing over luggage. Fairly simple rules to follow but Red Fang is such a brutal pack that’s how everyone lives, by fighting for everything you have. Alpha Damian submits them out shortly before hearing another, booming voice. Powerful and unmistakably the lead alpha. I stop on the edge of the water as it seems to be deeper than what I expected for the distance that my stuff was thrown.


    “That’s enough! For all the years I’ve been working with Red Fang, never have I encountered a group so keen on bickering with one another over something as simple as luggage! Especially since everything isbeled with first andst name before being ced on my bus. Now, everyone, get in a single line shoulder to shoulder! Damian!”


    “Yes father.”


    I’m surprised at how calm he is considering his father’s yelling.


    “Help the young man over by the pseudo pond. Never have I seen such disrespect for a pack member as that.”


    “Yes sir.”


    I stop in my tracks only a few feet from the edge of the water. The alpha is sending his own son over to help me? I’m shocked and confused with their kindness towards aplete stranger in their territory. I’ve heard stories of how rogues have never been seen again after entering their territory. How Crimson Dawn is as brutal as theye. Yet I’ve seen more care and kindness in the thirty minutes that I’ve been here than any other pack I’ve been to so far. Maybe I won’t have to go rogue. Maybe I coulde here instead. They seem nice.


    “Hey. Cole, right?” Damian speaks while touching my arm, bringing me quickly from my thoughts.


    “Yes, sir.” I manage to barely get out. I’ve had a hard time even speaking to upper level wolves since I was a young child. It has always been easier just to stay quiet.


    “Let’s see about retrieving your stuff, shall we?” I nod my head lightly.


    “Yes, thank you.”


    We walk back over to the pond. I shiver slightly as the wind starts blowing lightly. Even though I’m from an area with regr snow in the winter I’ve chilled easily ever since the whipping.


    Just as I was getting ready to step into the water Alpha Damian grabs me causing me to startle badly enough to yelp. I cringe at my own failure to stifle my yelp, cursing my anxiety for getting so bad so quickly. Alpha Damian freezes as silence falls across thend.


    “Are you okay?” I nod as I start to stutter.


    “I-I’m okay. N-new ces just make me an-anxious. I-I’m sorry.”


    Just as I finish struggling with such a simple answer the rest of the pack burst outughing. I can clearly hear the twins jeering at me.


    “The alpha’s son is such a baby.”


    I clench my fist and stifle a growl as Alpha Damian starts talking again.


    “You look like you’re already getting cold so…” he slows down talking as he kicks off his shoes and removes his socks and pants. “I’m going to go get your bag and anything near it, bring it back here to you, then go back out and toss the rest to you. It usually snows more than it rains in the winter but so far this winter has been mild. It’s rained hard for thest week and this is a low spot near the training grounds. Anything that has sunk to the bottom that I don’t feel will turn up once the water dries up. I’ll make sure it gets back to you once we find it.”


    As he finishes speaking he’s already waded out to my duffle bag. I usually only bring it and two backpacks. My most important items are always in the pack that I keep with me. It’s as Alpha Damian is bringing my bag back with a handful of my clothing that the pack startsughing resulting in the alpha’s booming voice again.


    “Silence! Since a lot of you can’t seem to act much more than children, that’s exactly how I’m going to treat you. Stand still in the line. Do not move or speak unless your name is called. Everyone in front of me, pull out the key to the room you were just given. Patrick, collect the keys. Dominic and Lucas.”


    “Yes sir.”


    I hear in unison as I catch two more wet balls of clothesing my way.


    “Dominic, do you have the keys to the third floor?”


    I cock my head as I hear Alpha Damian choke on augh.


    “Yes sir.”


    “Give half of the keys to Lucas. Now, since you can’t be grown ups about collecting your things on your own and are so keen on destroying another pack member’s things my beta, Patrick, is going to grab a bag and call the name on the tag. Raise your hand and say here when you hear your name and Patrick will hand your bag to either Alpha Dominic or Alpha Lucas. One of them will hand you a key to your new room on the third floor. There is an elevator but it is only used by housekeeping to stock the supply closets and during medical emergencies. The stairs are indoors on the north end of the building.”


    “This is thest that I can actually see floating on the surface.” Damian says as he throws thest of my clothes to me. “We’ll have to check again in the morning. We might even find anything that sank once the sunes out.”


    I nod lightly as I ring the water out of the clothes in my hands and toss them in my bag. I kneel to close it up just to hear Tyler start running his mouth again.
###Chapter 6
“If everyone here is being punished with a third floor room then Cole should get one too. He’s one of us.”


    “Oh, is he?”


    I freeze in shock at his attitude. I stand slowly with my bag in my hand watching and listening to the alpha’s next moves. It wasmon for the lead alpha to treat a visiting pack as a single unit instead of trying to figure out the good prospects from the bad.


    “And what exactly would make me think he’s one of you?” He asks surprisingly slowly and deliberately, waiting for someone to answer.


    “He’s the alpha’s son. Of course he’s a member of Red Fang.” Das, one of the other troublemakers, responds.


    “Who his father is doesn’t automatically make him one of you. Never, in all the years I’ve been in this program, have I seen a member of a pack treated with such demeaning, humiliating disrespect. To purposely degrade not just another wolf but a wolf you likely grew up with by attempting to destroy his belongings is NOT treating him as one of you. So, since all of you are so keen to show me your rejection of him so early in your stay here, I think it would be smart of me to do the same.”


    My breath gets stuck in my chest as I have no understanding of what he’s about to do. Am I about to be rejected from the program? I’ve been told many times that if you get rejected from a pack’s warrior program in the first week of arriving on their territory that it’s an automatic rejection from the program. That the council will not approve of any other requests to go on another run.


    I feel Damian’s hand on mine as he takes the heavy duffel bag filled with wet clothes from my hand.


    “Come on. Let’s get closer so we know what’s going on.”


    I’m a bundle of nerves now and I can’t hide the tremors in my hands or the fear in my eyes. Damian stops and studies me briefly before whispering.


    “Cole, what’s going on?”


    My eyes meet his as I whisper as well.


    “I’m not ready to leave. I just got away from there.”


    “My father wouldn’t do that. You’ve done nothing wrong. Just stay with me, you’re doing fine. You seem to get very anxious very easily. Do you take meds to help you with that?”


    As much as I didn’t want to admit that I’m a nervous wreck when I’m in the attention of anyone higher than a gamma, I don’t want to lie to the alpha’s son either. At least, not aplete lie.


    “I usually take several medications to ease my social anxiety and ocd. Xanax if things get really bad during the day, I’ll take that at night.”


    “Obviously you’re not on it now, why?”


    “Drug test. I didn’t want you thinking I was a nut job when it showed up.”


    Alpha Damian shakes his head with a slight chuckle.


    “All you had to do was tell us. It’s right in the application.”


    I shake my head while keeping pace walking with Alpha Damian heading back to the rest of the group.


    “My dad is extremely controlling as to what packs I go to for training. He’s the one that fills out the application each time and submits it to the council. He knows I’m on medication but insists that I stay off them. Dr. Carter makes arrangements at Red General to make sure I can get the medication but I can’t always get there so my ability to take it is inconsistent.”


    Alpha Damian stops in his tracks forcing me to stop as he turns to face me. He looks me in the eyes to which I look away, down to the ground.


    “Talk to my dad, Cole. If you know what you were on he can get you back on it.”


    He starts walking again after I nod my head. He motions for me to head off to the side of the rest of the group, standing with me so I’m not alone.


    I watch silently as one of the men apanying alpha picks up a bag. I immediately recognize it as mine. I sigh in relief that they didn’t find that one too.


    “Cole Redmen,” the wolf calls out.


    “Here.” I call back as I wave my hand lightly.


    I see the one holding the bag hand it to another who starts over towards me with a key in his hand.


    “Lucas.”


    He stops before he even gets two feet from the alpha.


    “I’m going to take care of him and his room assignment personally. I’ll take his pack until we’re done.”


    He looks my way before he speaks again.


    “Cole Redmen?”


    He seems to question looking for verification. I nod my head in response.


    “Do you have any more?”


    “No sir,” I speak as I shake my head.


    He gives me a nod as the wolf by the luggage calls out another name. He hands the pack off to Alpha Cullen. The luggage is ced at the feet of Das as he is handed a new key. The process is repeated until every piece of luggage brought is with their owner prompting Alpha to speak again.


    “Normally I treat every prospect thates into my program as an individual. Now, I will continue to do that with the major rules that I have no tolerance for. We are a very simple pack to get along with as long as you don’t steal, fight, rape, do drugs or get shit faced drunk. With that being said., from here on out I will be watching all of you very closely as you have not made a good first impression and I feel that you’re going to be trouble. For minor infractions, if one of you does it all of you will receive discipline for it.”


    “Is that why we’re now on the third floor?” Das interrupts in disgust.


    “Absolutely, Das. The first floor rooms have perks. So we try to fill those first. Since my son has had to break up two fights amongst yourselves already, the entire group will be sacrificing those perks and moving to the third floor. Any additionalints over the consequences you have brought upon yourselves will be met with additional penalties.”


    “What about Cole? He’s the alpha’s son. He’s one of us.”


    Tyler tries again to get me sucked into their consequences.


    “As I said earlier. Since everyone here is so keen on rejecting Cole from the pack it wouldn’t be proper, as the lead alpha of this territory, to treat him as a member of your pack. For the duration of his stay here Cole will be recognized as a member of the Red Fang pack…”


    I can see the smiles spreading across all of my pack members’ faces as he spoke.


    “But that will be for the sole purpose of documenting and reporting back to the council. I prefer to treat everyone as an individual and that is what I will be doing with Cole. Any benefits or penalties that he receives will be between him and the one giving it out, thus it will be none of anyone else’s business to know.”


    I’ve never seen faces of shock happen as quickly as it did when he finished his decision about me.


    “Only half of the twenty-four wolves here are actually from the Red Fang pack. The rest of us are from the Crescent Moon pack. Why are we getting sucked into Red Fang’s consequences?”


    “While I do apologize for the inconvenience that it’s causing, I was only alerted a few minutes ago that the Crescent Moon pack was unable toplete their registration in time to attend this run so Alpha Redmen filed all of the applications with the council in a way that lumped all of you together as a single pack. It is quitemon for packs in close contact with each other to band together for the purpose of the program especially if they have only a small number of wolves attending the run from each pack. It will take me some time to work out who is from which pack so I am going to ask for your patience with that.”


    I can’t help but cock my head, studying the alpha as he approaches me. Instinctively, I take a step back when he stops within a foot of me, quickly averting my eyes away from his.


    “Rx. I mean what I said.”


    I nod slightly but keep my head and eyes down in submission. Without warning I feel his hand on my chin. Without thinking I overreact to the alpha’s touch, fighting to get away from him. Very quickly his hands have both my wrists and he’s pressed them against my chest. I can hear the rest of the prospectsughing and jeering at me.


    “Alpha’s son is such a baby, so weak he’s afraid of the alpha.”


    “Enough! I do not tolerate bullying of any sort!”


    I can’t help but cringe away from his booming voice with the alpha aura. Even with his strong aura still present he manages to lower his voice to a morefortable level when he speaks directly to me.


    “Though it does seem that you are very much afraid of me as this is a very strong reaction. I’ll let go when you rx and show me control.”
###Chapter 7

  It’s a struggle for me to stop my fight as my panic has taken over. I close my eyes in an effort to concentrate on my breathing. My chest is tight and my breath ising out short and fast. I fight to get out of his hold as I hear another approach.


    “Everything okay dad?”


    The voice is much deeper than Alpha Damian’s making me wonder who it is that has approached us.


    “I’m going to need a few minutes alone with him. Lucas, I need you to have the rest of the group follow you inside to the third floor. Have Dom bring up the rear. I want silence. Not a word or sound as they pass by or they will all see the consequences of one person’s disrespect.”


    “Yes sir.”


    My fight eases a little as the alpha’s son steps away and heads back towards the group.


    “Cole, I know you just met me so there is no trust but I need you to follow my directions exactly. I’m going to coach you through a breathing technique that will help you to rx. As you rx you will feel me easing up on your arms.”


    I nod my head, agreeing to his offer as I’mpletely lost and out of control.


    “First I want you to take a quick but deep breath in then just as quickly push it out. Just throw it away. I want three of these. Then I’ll move to three much slower ones. Ready.”


    I nod to show I understand his instructions.


    “All right, in quick, now throw it away.”


    I follow his lead and take a quick sharp breath before letting it out almost as quickly. It’s as I’m breathing in on my third one that he speaks again.


    “I want you to follow my voice as I’m going to tell you what to do. Well done. Now in…2….3….4… and out 2…3…4… again in 2…3…4… and out 2…3…4… again,”


    It’s as I’m going through the third one that I feel Alpha’s grip change on me. Even though it’s still there, it’s much gentler, even soothing as I feel his thumbs gently rubbing the backs of both hands. He lets me take a few more breaths on my own before speaking.


    “I can already tell that you’re very submissive so I do understand this is a struggle for you but I need you to look at me. Make eye contact with me before I let your arms go.”


    I slowly open my eyes while I’m still looking down. It’s not the first time I’ve been directly told to make eye contact with an alpha. My father does it all the time. The struggle is, my fathermands me to do it then turns around and punishes me for the fear he sees in my eyes.


    I squeeze my eyes shut again as the memories of myst encounter with my dad creep in and repeat the exercise the alpha just went through with me.


    “Cole,”


    Alpha ck speaks the quietest that I have ever heard an alpha speak to me.


    “I can’t help you if I don’t know what’s going on. Will you talk with me?”


    I shake my head as I fight the shback away, slowly opening my eyes again. I raise my head making eye contact as he requested but I can’t keep it.


    “I’m sorry alpha.”


    I whisper as I close my eyes and turn away, waiting for punishment to follow. Every alpha that has ever been this hands on with me has always brought me pain. I know he can feel my tremors as I hear him sigh.


    “Okay Cole. Let’s get you inside. Perhaps it will be a little morefortable to talk if it’s not so direct.”


    I barely whisper a thank you as I feel his hands leave my wrists. Opening my eyes, I look around me for a sense of direction. It’s when I briefly meet Alpha Damian’s gaze that I get the information I need. With a slight gesture of his hand he points me towards the trainee housing, following behind me as I head in that direction.


    (Demetri’s POV)


    I’m deep in thought as my son and I follow this young man to the trainee housing. It’s been fifteen years since I inherited the pack. It’s quite umon for the pack to be passed on like that unless the ruling alpha dies in battle while his kids are still kids. Then it bes the oldest child’s responsibility to assume power over the pack. Neither of those things happened with me and the pack. I know finding out I was an intuitive had something to do with dad’s decision to pass the pack down to me.


    I’m the youngest of four. My older brothers and sister somehow didn’t share the same vision for the Crimson Dawn pack as my father. It was finding my abused mate at eighteen that ultimately changed my ideas on maintaining a sanctuary for those in need. I’ve only been the alpha for fifteen years, small change for most alphas. Damian was only three and Lucas just over a year when dad passed in his sleep. It may take a lot to kill a werewolf without a silver bullet to the heart but we’re not invincible and we do age.


    Dad had been slowing down for a while and I had taken on more and more of his duties. When the Moon Goddess finally called him home it was supposed to be a seamless transition for the pack. Needless to say, it wasn’t. Mom left to join him just a few yearster.


    Like most alphas, I try to maintain two separate reputations for my pack. A zero tolerance for unannounced wolves in my territory. Like all alphas, I like to keep that rumor as hard core as possible. Youe onto mynd unannounced and you will never be seen again type stuff. But those who truly know me understand that I know the difference between a troubled wolf and a troublemaker. Those with this inside knowledge will often rmend my pack as a temporary sanctuary until things get ironed out for a transfer into another pack. Some have even chosen to join my pack as permanent members.


    It’s the tug from Damian on my link that bring my thoughts back to the present situation.


    ‘What’s going on with him? He told me on the bus that he wasn’t new to this and he’s older. Twenty-three I think he said. He started struggling with his anxiety before he got off the bus.’


    ‘I don’t want to jump to any conclusions as he just got here and it is possible that he just has severe anxiety.’


    ‘But you suspect something else?’


    ‘Yes. I suspect abuse may be in his past but the bigger concern is if abuse is in his present.’


    ‘I thought abuse stopped once the child bes an adult.’


    ‘Unfortunately that only happens if the child is able to find a way out of the situation. If this is indeed Alpha Redmen’s son then getting away from Red Fang without going rogue or killing whoever is abusing him, would be extremely difficult. It’s not like here where once you turn twenty-one you can request a transfer or a female that can leave for her mate’s pack.’


    ‘So he’s using the warrior program as a way out?’


    ‘Possibly.’


    I end the link with my son as we enter the apartmentplex. Cole has stopped about five feet inside the door allowing us enough room to enter. He seems confused and highly agitated.


    “Cole.”


    Even with my voice calm and level just hearing it makes the young man startle badly.


    “I failed to ask you if you were against being separated from your pack mates. It’s entirely up to you.”


    “I’ve only got one real friend so I’m not that much part of the group.”


    “I didn’t think so. Come this way.”


    I gesture to my right as we start making our way to the row of doors located on the eastern side of theplex.
###Chapter 8

(Cole’s POV)


    I follow behind Alpha Demetri and his son a short way across the main hall on the first floor. They stop at the first door theye to, the numbers 101A are screwed into the center. I stop a few feet from them as I have a preference for keeping my distance from everyone. I only get close to those I’ve observed for a while and I have a motive for learning from them.


    I can hear a short beep briefly before the sound of the door unlocking. Alpha pushes down on the handle and allows the door to swing open before looking back at me and encouraging me to enter.


    I move cautiously as I have never been beaten this badly by my dad before going to another pack’s territory. I would think the risk of another alpha discovering my secret rtionship with my father would have been too high for him to be so careless. Yet the beatings have only gotten worse with each pack he’s sent me off to. Combine denying me my medication with the hardship of hiding my injuries and he’s making it easier for them to discover the abuse I’m suffering much sooner. I’m certain that this alpha has already figured out that I’m being abused and I’ve barely been here an hour. It’s be clear to me that he’s using the warrior program as a new way to abuse me. I can’t think of how many times he’s told me that I’m too weak for any alpha to ept into a second run and it seems like every time Ie back I have to deal with the council poking around. He will refrain from abusing me while they’re there but the moment they leave I’m chained up and beaten three to four times a week until he decides to send me on another run. So it’s not difficult for me to go pack when my dad tells me to, that I’m going to whatever pack he decides is next for me in the line up. I need to get away from him just as badly as he hates seeing my face in his territory.


    I step inside the room several feet,pletely neglecting to even search for the light. It’s as I ce the pack I’m wearing on the bed that I’m startled by the light being flipped on. I turn quickly to see that Alpha and his son have stepped inside the room with me. The alpha gives me a smile but says nothing. It seems he’s started observing again. I turn and start moving slowly around the room taking in everything.


    “Would it be okay if I put your wet clothes in the washer?”


    Alpha Damian asks, causing me to freeze and look at him. He lets out a nervous chuckle as I study him with my head cocked to one side.


    “It seems like you haven’t been met with much kindness.”


    I let out a slight hum as I run my hand nervously over the left side of my head.


    “Not from alphas.” I speak quietly. “Yes. I would appreciate that. You said you stock soap and other stuff like that?”


    “Yes, I’ll show you where it’s at once you’ve explored a bit.”


    I nod my head as Alpha Damian makes his way over to arge closet at the back corner of the room. I watch him open it up revealing a full size washer and dryer stacked inside.


    “I’m going to run this through a quick rinse cycle before you do a full wash.”


    I nod again with a quiet thanks. Exploring therge room has taken my mind off the events that had just happened and it seems like the alpha has picked up on my calmed demeanor.


    “Cole, it’s very important that you tell me the truth. I promise you nothing you tell me will result in you being removed from my first run. The only things that I will remove you for is if you steal, fight, rape, take recreational drugs or drink until you’re stupid. I don’t tolerate any of those things. So, are you usually on medication for your anxiety?”


    I freeze in the doorway of the bathroom.


    “Yes sir.”


    I speak quietly, ashamed to admit that I have an issue.


    “It’s not something to be ashamed of but it’s important that I know what you’re on and the dosage.”


    I shake my head slowly before I speak again.


    “I’ve been on several differentbinations of medications over thest several years. Dr. Carter tends to change thebination every time my dad forces me off of them, trying to figure out thebination with the least amount of side effects. Thest set of three with either Xanax or Valium to help me at night on the really rough days I did really well on. Minimal side effectspared to otherbinations and I wasn’t a zombie or felt like I was drugged. I was actually close to….”


    My thoughts wander off track as I walk around the rest of the room.


    “You felt close to normal?”


    Alpha finishes for me. I nod my head in agreement as we continue to talk.


    “How long have you been off of it?”


    “Three, almost four months. My dad has been getting more persistent at blocking all my efforts to get to it while I’m home.”


    “He doesn’t want you on medication?”


    “No. He says taking medication is an admittance to weakness and he refuses to tolerate any shows of weakness from his son.”


    “Do you know what you were taking?”


    I sigh as I shake my head.


    “Are you able to find phone numbers of doctors at different hospitals?”


    This time it’s the alpha looking at me with a cocked head. I can’t help but return the curious look while waiting for his response.


    “I should have enough connections to dig up a doctor. Do you have a name?”


    “Carter. Dr. Alexander Carter at Red General. He’ll likely rmend a differentbination as the biggest trouble I seem to have is eating while on them.”


    “Thank you.”


    He gives me a smile and a nod.


    “Will you tell me why you’re on this medication?”


    He asks slowly the one question I don’t want to answer. I shake my head slowly


    “I’m sorry Alpha, I can’t. I don’t expect you to understand but I can’t. I just can’t.”


    “I didn’t think you would. Trust is an easy thing to lose but hard to gain. Hopefully, in time, you’ll be able to see me for who I am and change your mind. My door is always open.”


    I nod my head in silent thanks waiting for the next thing toe.


    “It’s gettingte so how about we get you out here to the table of food. Take all you want as you have arger apartment sized fridge in here you can store food and drinks in. We have bags of ice in the dining hall by the main pack house. You can grab one at dinner tomorrow and bring it back. We also have disposable cups, tes and stic utensils you can bring back too. Cleaning supplies are in the walk-in closet next to the stairs. Personal necessities are in the walk-in closet on the opposite side. Don’t hesitate to grab what you need. If there is something specific that you need let me or one of the trainers know and we’ll try to get it for you. Damian and Dominic will be here at seven to lead everyone over to the pack house for breakfast. They will do this everyday this week then you’ll be on your own. Expectation is that you are showered and ready to start training when you get there although when this ce gets full I do have some prospects who choose to switch to evening showers over morning. I’lle get you at breakfast so get your food, take your time eating, when you’re done you’re going to meet with me in my office. I’m going to have my lead doctor in the medical wing join us with the phone call to Dr. Carter. I’m putting you back on your meds while you’re here. There’s no reason for you to suffer like this.”

###Chapter 9
I nod quietly again yet against my better judgment I ask the question I think I know the answer to.


    “What happens to prospects that have a major mental health issue, like ptsd?”


    “It depends a lot on how stable the individual is and why they have it. A lot of wolves have ptsd from battles where they witnessed pack mates killed or they were severely injured. It can have asting effect but with therapy and proper medication the council will allow them to return.”


    “Oh.”


    “Not the answer you thought?”


    I shake my head as I follow them out the door to where the food is set out. No one is down here yet which is a relief for me.


    “Are you good on your own now?”


    I look at the alpha before nodding my head.


    “Thank you Alpha.”


    “For what?”


    “For your kindness.”


    He gives me a smile before cing his hand on my shoulder. For the first time that night I manage to keep myself from pulling away or jumping out of my skin.


    “It’s a pleasure to meet you Cole. We will talk more in the morning.”


    I quickly finish my third trip out to the table as the rest of the pack has starteding downstairs to eat. I can already hear several of themining about the special treatment I seem to be getting over recognizing that they brought this on to themselves.


    I was grateful that I had discovered a small table with a chair just inside the door to my room as this is where I ended up putting all the food and drinks that I picked up from the table. I had walked with Alpha and his son down the hall to the closet before heading to the table so I was able to get all theundry supplies I needed before grabbing dinner.


    I feel guilty as I look at the tes of food and a dozen or so drinks sitting on the table. I know I won’t eat all this food tonight. Between my father actively denying me ess to food and him keeping me in a constant state of pain and panic I’ve gotten used to eating very little.


    I sit at the table and turn on the television, picking lightly at the food in front of me, I surf through the channels. I have always found it interesting to encounter packs that have started to embrace human inventions like the television, inte, and cell phones. I guess with a lot of therger packs now having major hospitals on theirnd with wolves that aren’t members working there the use of cell phones became a necessity since not all the wolves have a link with the pack. I set my sights on the human’s strong man contest. I’ve always found it interesting how human men had the desire to prove their strength by donning a harness like a dog and pulling a bus several yards with only the help of a rope to pull on.


    I finally give up grazing on the food I brought into my room shortly after I started. My anxiety is still extremely high and I’m finding it difficult to eat. I’m not used to a pack’s alpha getting so invested and hands on with the prospects so early.


    I take the cling wrap I found in the closet and carefully dismantle the sandwiches of the lettuce, tomato and onion so the bread doesn’t get soggy before wrapping each one and cing it in the fridge, doing the same for the condiments and drinks. I wipe the table down with the paper towels and multi purpose cleaner that were also in the closet before heading to the washer and cing my clothes in the dryer. I started taking care of my own needs when I was fifteen, so keeping my own space clean is second nature to me now.


    I explore the room a little more and discover a walk-in closet with hangers already inside it. I grab a handful of those and ce them on the table to use once my clothes are dry. The tv is on top of a long dresser situated against the wall across from the foot of the bed, that’s where I head next.


    I open each drawer taking in the approximate size so as to best n my use of space. I head into the bathroom next. The bathroom floor is a neutral beige colored stone like tilepared to the ck carpeting in the rest of the room. There’s abination tub and shower against the far wall, arge vanity with arger single sink and arge cab with a mirror on the wall. I open the cab to find that it’s already stocked with a small amount of personal items. It’s only when I go to throw them away that I discover that every item is unopened. I’m impressed that they thought to stock it like this as I put the items back.


    Beside the vanity appears to be a tall slender cab only about a foot wide with a long door on bottom and a shorter door on top. When I open the bottom door I find a single shelf stacked with towels while below the shelf, on the floor is a small vacuum, a bucket and a mop. The only thing missing is the soap. Opening the top cab reveals washcloths and hand towels. Once again, everything appears to be new. Not liking the idea of my towels being in with cleaning supplies, I rearrange the upper cab to amodate all of the bathroom linens.


    Pushing the shower curtain back I find unopened shampoo, conditioner and a bar of soap with an unrolled bath mat sitting in the corner. It seems like they have thought of everything in this pack. I don’t even feel like I have to unpack the stuff I brought with me. I do anyway as I don’t believe in being wasteful.


    I unload my two backpacks of my personal items, finding a logical ce for each item before folding my packs and putting them in the closet. I sigh heavily with the realization that my bag had been gone through and what little asthma medication I had left was removed before my bags made it to the bus.


    As soon as the dryer is done I take my clothes to the table where I fold everything neatly and hang my shirts before putting everything away. I gently take my shirt off and toss it in the washer before climbing into the full size bed. It’s been an exhausting day of traveling and despite my constant pain from the beating I got Saturday night, it doesn’t take long for me to drift to sleep.

###Chapter 10

 (Content Warning)


    (8 year old Cole POV)


    I yelp as I’m awakened by a sharp blow to the back of my neck. Before I can fully process what’s going on I receive a harsh p across my face. I grab the side of my face, gently rubbing away the sting as my eyes well up in tears. I yelp again as my mom starts yelling at me.


    “What are you doing sleeping before dinner? There’s too much you need to get done before you go to bed and you know it.”


    I try to back away from her as she’s only inches from my face. Unfortunately this show of fear earns me another hard p across my face before she grabs me by the back of my neck and drags me out of my chair.


    ‘Fuck! Not the submission hold. Anything but that.’


    I think silently. But it is. She forces me to my feet as I try to fight against going to my father’s office, the ce of nightmares for me. My fight gets worse, crying and begging my mom not to leave me with him but as always my pleas fall upon deaf ears. She opens his door to find him on the phone. I get shoved harshly down into a chair, I know better than to run away.


    “What has he done now?”


    Father asks with a sadistic smile on his face as he hangs up the phone.


    “His teacher called asking questions as to why he was sleeping instead of eating lunch and I caught him just now sleeping instead of doing homework.”


    I try to reason with them even though I know it’s useless.


    “I’m allowed to sleep during lunch and my homework is done.”


    “Silence!”


    They yell in unison as I cringe farther back into the plush armchair. My eyes are quickly darting between the two of them as they discuss what the punishment will be for sleeping in school and before bedtime. The problem is, they’re in a link so as not to share the sadistic punishment I’m in store for.


    I can tell by the darkening of my father’s eyes that he was going to take his frustration out on me which means this isn’t going to be a simple bare bottom belting. No, this was bound to be much worse and I can’t stop myself from shaking and whimpering in fear.


    “Mommy please don’t leave me.”


    I whisper as she walks by, tears again in my eyes. She doesn’t so much as nce my way giving me a nauseating feeling in the pit of my stomach.


    “So, what had you up sote that you can’t stay awake in school?”


    His voice is low, growling out every word as he walks toward the cab holding his favorite belt.


    “Daddy, please.” I whisper, “you know I was with you until elevenst night. I always go to bed at eight, nine at thetest.”


    “You liar! You know no such thing happened! You were sent to bed and simply didn’t go! Put your arms straight out in front of you! Stand up!”


    I’m whimpering badly as I try to stand but I’m shaking so bad that I fall the first time I try.


    “Stand up!”


    He yells again, making me yelp in fear. I finally stand with my arms out in front of me and he doesn’t hesitate to bring the thick leather belt down hard across both my hands.


    “How dare you lie.”


    “Daddy, please. I wouldn’t.”


    I yelp as another crack of the beltnds across my hands. Fear gets the best of me and I pull my hands away as he swings a third time hitting the floor.


    “You insolent little pup! Put your hands up!”


    I raise my arms again, shaking uncontrobly as he brings the buckle side of the belt down upon my wrists. I jump back away from him as I cry out in pain bringing my hands to my chest infuriating him more. He swings the belt again only this time he strikes me at the back of my knees causing me to copse into his desk hitting the side of my head. I stay on all fours as my head spins from the hit and my vision is blurred from my tears.


    “Get your ass up! Get your arms across the desk!”


    He yells, grabbing the back of my shirt and lifting me to my feet. He shoves me against the edge of the desk making me gasp. He grabs both my arms and stretches them harshly across the desk. I just barely gain my footing when the beltes down across my hands again. I scream as the heavy metal buckle hits my left wrist. He’s now hitting harder and faster than before, the metal buckle hitting the same spot on my wrist repeatedly.


    When I finally get some sense back to me, I pull my arms back, cradling my left against my body. I can feel my wrist is already starting to swell from the brutal hits it’s receiving and the smell of blood from the cuts the buckle creates as it hits my tender skin. My cries are hysterical as I beg him to stop but there is never any stopping him.


    He grabs my neck before reaching for my hands and pulling them out again. He shoves me harshly against the desk again as he ms my head into the hardwood. It’s as my head is spinning from another hard blow that he starts again.


    Repeatedly, the blowsnd across my wrists with the heavy bucklending hard in the same ce. A sudden pop in my wrist sends a wave of sharp pain through my arm resulting in my blood curdling scream echoing through the room. I copsed to the floor, screaming in pain as I know he’s broken my wrist for the second time this school year.


    “You’re weak! This is nothingpared to battle! Get up and take your clothes off!”


    I try to stand on legs that barely support me. My hands are swollen from the relentless hits and my left is worse than my right. It’s a struggle to undo the button on my jeans with my right hand, considering I’m left handed, and I know I’m not moving fast enough when I feel the bucklee down hard against my neck.


    I yelp in pain as I blindly fumble with the button on my jeans. It’s after the third hit to my neck that it finallyes free allowing me to take them off followed by my shirt and boxers. I’m shaking and crying uncontrobly, begging him to stop as I have no understanding as to why he’s being so brutal.


    He grabs my now naked body by the neck causing me to scream from the cuts and bruises left by the belt buckle as he forces me towards his desk. I struggle, yelp and scream for someone to help me but all it does it cause dad to m my head into the desk again. This time I’m choking on my own blood as it fills my mouth. Heys his body over mine, pinning me to the desk as he leans over the side to grab the leather straps he’s bolted to the underside of it. He stretches my swollen and battered arms out again, roughly tying them to the desk as I frantically scream in agony.


    As soon as I’m tied to the desk the beating and tirade of mental abuse starts again. I scream with every hit as the buckle digs into my back, butt and thighs. I can feel the blood as it slides down my legs causing me to squirm and kick desperate to rid myself of the disgusting, crawling feeling. But dad gets too close and ends up kicked in the thigh. A maniacalugh soones from his mouth as the beating with the belt stops.


    “So we want to kick now? I’ll give you something to kick at.”


    I’m panting hard trying to catch my breath as best I can when I feel him behind me. He grabs my thighs painfully hard as he lifts me off the floor spreading my legs unusually wide.


    “You get what you give, son.”


    Within seconds his knee makes a powerfully hard impact into my groin. I try to scream but I have no breath to scream with. Within seconds a second followed by a third and fourth hit to the same area urs leaving me unable to breathe let alone function. It’s only as mom speaks that I even know someone has entered the room but he doesn’t stop immediately upon her entrance. My delicate body parts have been smashed repeatedly into my intestines close to a dozen times by the time I hear her.


    “Charles, what the hell? This isn’t what we agreed to. He’s already missed enough school for them to suspect something going on. You can’t keep getting carried away like this. He’ll be out at least a month after this.”


    “He kicked me.”


    “So. He’s chained to the fucking desk.”


    I hear him sigh and I can only hope that it’s finally over. He grabs me again, lifting me up part way. This time when he knees me in the groin not only does he smash my body parts into my intestines but just below my ribs hits the edge of the table. It’s when he does it a second time that I violently start vomiting all over his desk shortly before passing out from the excruciating pain.


###Chapter  11

    Tuesday, January  23  

     I  fall from my bed as I violently fight against the nkets that I have wrapped around me. My ass hitting the floor jars my back badly sending waves of sharp pain through my back and legs, knocking the breath right out of me in the process. I immediately start into dry heaves as  my  body starts trying to tid itself of what little I managed to eat yesterday. I scramble on all fours, never making it to my feet, as I push myself to the bathroom before heaving dinner into the toilet. As I sit back against the tub I realize that not only am I in a serious panic attack but I’m starting into a bad asthma attack as well. I’m gasping for breath as my panic consumes me. It takes everything I have to keep myself sitting up but I know it’s not going tost as ck spots litter my vision. I manage to check my watch and register in my mind that it’s midnight.

    ‘Great,‘ I think to myself ‘still seven hours before someone finds me‘ as I copse into unconsciousness .  

    I wake gasping for breath two more times before I can get enough air into my lungs to move my body off the floor and into my bed. I stack the pillows against the wall so that I’m elevated as I wrap a nket around my shoulders. I’m shivering hard from both fear and cold and for once I find myself longing for the patient kindness of the alpha I just met.

    Never have I wished so hard for a phone and the number to someone so powerful yet I’m also terrified. Terrified that this will send me home early destroying any chances I have at getting into this pack.  My  first impression of  every  ce  I’ve  gone is a powerful one. Despite my constant gasping for air and the painful throb in my chest I manage to drift to sleep again as it’s only 3am.

    My rm goes off at six and I know immediately that it’s going to be a rough day. My chest is painfully tight, barely letting me move any air through and I know that taking a shower is a no go. It takes all my energy just to walk to my closet for a clean shirt, then to my dresser for a pair of sweatpants ,  socks and boxers.

    It’s a struggle to stay focused as my asthma attack has lowered my oxygen levels to a point where my mind is swimming with more negativity than usual. I would love nothing more than to stay in bed and pass back out.

    I grab the key to my room as I stumble towards my shoes that are sitting beside my door. Steadying myself against the wall I open the door to my room and step out in time to see everyone starting to leave. Alpha Dominic must be leading the way as it’s Alpha Damian that spots me from the rear.

    “Cole ?  Are you okay ?  ”  

     As  much as my brain is screaming at me to work through the attack, that it’s a weakness to admit that I can’t breathe, this attack is one of the worst that I’ve had in a while. I don’t believe that I can even talk right now.

    I bow my head in submission towards him as I shake my head. I recognize that I’m in a dangerous cycle that only heavy sedation, steroids and nebulizer treatments will help with. In short, I need the hospital. I hear Damian’s footsteps before I feel his touch on my arm.

     “ Can you tell me what’s going on ?  “  .  

     Once  again I shake my head as I physically can’t tell him.

    “Come on. ”  

     He  encourages as he gently tugs at my arm. My anxiety is high enough that I yelp with the gentle gesture of help only it ends uping out sounding more like  a  strangled dog.

    “Okay ,  I may only be eighteen, but that doesn’t sound like a good thing.”

     I   shake  my head, agreeing with his simple assessment.

    “I need to get you to the pack house. You need to talk to dad and Dr. Pierce. I’m going to help you get there which means you’re going  to  feel  me  touching you. Is that ok?”
###Chapter  12  

    I nod my head this time as I know I would never be able to get there on my own. He takes my hand as I force myself off the wall and attempt to walk with him. He ends up slowing down quite a bit as I stumble repeatedly trying to keep up with him. We stop several times along the  way  but eventually we make it to the dining hall in time for Alpha Demetri to make his morning announcements.

    “I see no one here seems to be ready for training today.”

    He starts off sounding disappointed.

    “This is your one time pass as it is a requirement that you show up to breakfast in a presentable manner ready for the day. It doesn’t matter what is scheduled for the day, whether it’s light training, heavy training, or your day off. I expect everyone in my pack, from my own four year old daughters to my omegas, to be dressed appropriately. Over half of you look like you just climbed out of bed.”

    It’s as he speaks that I try to focus on the crowd and from what  I  can make out it does indeed look like most of them simply managed to throw a shirt and pair of pants on, not much better than what I’ve managed. Some even look exactly like they did when they got off the bus.

    For a moment I make eye contact with the alpha but don’t keep it as I can feel that he’s studying me. I’mpletely torn between begging for his help and running for the hills.

     “ After breakfast, Alpha Dominic and Alpha Damian will take you back to the training dorms where each of you will take a shower and  get  properly dressed. For the moment properly dressed will simply mean clean clothes, something Cole seems to have been able to achieve despite looking likeplete hell.”

    I look up to him again, causing him to smile gently when our eyes meet.

    “You don’t look like you’re doing very well, are you?”

    I shake my head as I drop it down again concentrating hard on my breathing.

    “What’s wrong Cole? Meeting with the alpha got your asthma all screwed up. How the hell do you think you’re going to be a warrior if you can’t breathe right? No wonder he’s always in Alpha Redmen’s office.”

    “Yeah, nothing but a weak link for the pack. Have you noticed how many times he goes into the training room for private lessons with his dad just toe out looking like hell. All bruised up like he didn’t even try to fight.”

    The entire groupughs as Das and Richard talk. If only they knew the truth I could only hope that it would no longer be a joking matter but dad tells everyone anything but the truth about me.

    “Enough!”

    Alpha Demetri bellows  as   I  can feel his aura gaining strength causing me to whimper when it hits me.

    “I do not tolerate bullying of any sort towards any member  of  any pack! Testing today will consist of running. Damian!”

     “ Yes  sir ?”

    “Take these pups to the two mile track that surrounds the yground after breakfast . ”

     “ Yes sir. Any specifics ?  ”  

     “  Yes . Grab a clipboard, pen and paper .  Get Patrick, Parker and Celine to help. Number or color code the group, your choice. I want to know how quickly they canplete a ten mile run.,Best out of four runs. Two after breakfast,  Two  after lunch. Make sure they stretch and get an hour break between each run for water and light snacks. I rmend eating lightly.”

    The whole group groans in unison  as  Alpha Demetri gets a ‘yes sir‘ from Alpha Damian confirming his order .  Just as the alpha finishes  an  olderdy starts walking towards the dining hall passing by Alpha Demetri.

    “Good morning Kathy, may I borrow your stethoscope?”

    I watch her reach into her scrubs and hand one to him.

    “Everyone is dismissed” he calls as he jogs lightly over to me. I can’t help but tense up, whimpering lightly as he gets near. It’s been a long time since I’ve felt this vulnerable. My chest is so tight I can barely walk so running or fighting is out of the question. When he gets to me he easily picks up on my reservations despite my desperate need for help. There is no way I can get out of this bad of an anxiety attack feeding my asthma attack cycle without medication.
###Chapter  13  

    “Try to rx with me Cole. I just want to help as you’re struggling really bad right now.”

    I nod my head slowly as I try to force myself to cooperate, 1 fail miserably, letting out a soft high pitched whine that I’ve had since childhood. I’ve learned over the years that as I’ve gotten older only certain people, mostly the doctors, can even hear such a distressing whine.

    1 step away from the alpha as he steps closer to me, whining as I do, just to be stopped by Damian’s grasp. I notice Damian making eye contact with his dad suddenly before talking with him.

    “He’s been making that weird little whine a lot and he’s struggling to breathe bad enough that he’s not talking.”

    “You can actually hear it?”

    Alpha Demetri sounds shocked.

    “Yes, but I’ve never heard a whine like that. Have you?”

    “It’s notmon for an adult to have that whine, but I have heard it plenty when I was an intern at the hospital during my pediatric rotation. Pups experiencing high levels of distress and pain will make that sound at regr intervals. Usually only parents and those naturally inclined to the medical field can hear it. I believe it’s a distress signal that pups use tomunicate that they are hurt without letting potential threats know that they’re vulnerable.”

    Damian looks as shocked as I feel. An alpha that can hear my distress? I’m taken back enough that Alpha Demetri moves in from the side.

    “Hang on to him Damian. Don’t move Cole. I am a doctor. I’m just not licensed to practice anymore. Nothing I do is going to hurt you. It’s very important that you follow my directions. It’s a lot to ask of you but I need you to trust me enough to submit to me. Don’t fight me.”

    I’m wheezing hard as my panic consumes my every thought. I raise my hand to Damian’s arm in an attempt to grab his shirt but I’m stopped by alpha’s hand. I try to pull away but he grabs my hand instead. I can’t help but yelp as my panic and pain rise. Once again, I’m sounding like a strangled dog.

    “Squeeze Cole.”

    His voice is firm and demanding as my struggle for air worsens, I can do nothing but obey.

    “Damian, ce his other hand on my forearm so I’ve got good support of him while I check his breathing. Dr. Morrison should be here soon with a transport chair. Cole, don’t try to change your breathing pattern. Breathing too deep may cause you a lot of pain. Just breathe as is mostfortable.”

    I can feel him ce the stethoscope on my back moving it to different locations, listening to me breathe.

    “So, you’re asthmatic?”

    1 nod.

    “But you didn’t bring your medication for that either?”

    “I….. tried.” I manage to croak out.

    “You tried? Are you saying that you packed them and someone took them from your bag?”

    I nod as my father has never liked me on medication even though I’ve been asthmatic since I was a baby.

    “Tell…. Doc tor…. Car… ter… I’m…in…. a…. cy…. cle.”

    It’s a fight to get the sentence out and I’m surprised that Alpha even understands.

     “  A  cycle? You’re talking about a panic induced asthma attack?”

    I nod my head as I squeeze down on his hand again.

    “Fuck. Okay Cole. I’m going to call Dr. Pierce to see if she can get a hold of Dr. Carter so we can find out what he does for you. I can’t. guarantee that we’re going to do the same thing but it will give us a starting point. Damian, he’s out for at least a week. I’m sorry Cole but with this type of asthma attack I have to admit you to the hospital wing until we get it under control. How long have you been like this ?  ”  

    “Mid….. mid….

     I  hang my head as my struggle for air   is to the point that I can’t get the word out.

    “Midnight?”

    I nod my head as Alpha seems to have heard what I’m trying to say. He pulls out his phone, touching the screen in several ces.  I  can hear it ring before a female voicees over the line.

    “Demetri? I thought we were going to meet in your office shortly? ”  
###Chapter  14
 
    “Scrap that Ang, I need you to get a hold of Dr. Carter at Red General. I need to know how he treats Cole when he goes into a major panic

    induced asthma attack.”

    “When did that happen?”

    “Around midnight. I should have given him my number. I’m bringing him into the medical wing, Kathy has already headed over to grab the chair but I need information on Cole.”

    “Yes sir.”

    Shortly after hanging up the phone I can feel Alpha’s hand in my hair on the back of my head.

    “Damian, you can go inside and grab some breakfast. Don’t hesitate to addps to anyone who starts talking trash about anyone. Not just Cole. It’s important that we establish that I haven’t singled Cole out as a favorite getting special treatment.”

    “Yes sir.” Alpha Damian confirms.

    “Are you going to be okay, Cole?”

    *I…. hope

    “I gasp out, trying to give him the truth.

    “Don’t talk Cole. Your lungs are severely restricted and I need you to concentrate on moving as much air as you can.”

    I nod my head as there’s not much else I can do.

    “I’ll be with him in the medical wing most of the day so I’ll link you with any updates on him. You cane visit after training is over.”

    “Okay dad.”

    It shocks me how worried Alpha Damian sounds. Back home I usually have to drag myself the two miles from the pack house to the hospital in this desperate condition. I have one family that I’ve managed to be friends with but my abuse has affected them so badly that I was forced to abandon them, or at least I tried to.

    Out of the corner of my eye I can see the woman Alpha Demetfi called Kathying with a chair across thewn. Alpha seems to have seen

    her too.

    “Stay still Cole. I’m going to move my position so I’m in front of you so that I can get you seated. If she brought some oxygen, then I will be putting that on you.”

    I nod as I feel him move around me. Soon enough I feel the chair behind me and Alpha gently guiding me back towards it.

    “I’ve got hold of you. Start sitting down.”

    I grab hold of Alpha’s shirt tightly as he helps me into the chair. Going so long without breathing properly is really starting to get to me and it’s bing increasingly difficult to hold back my instincts to fight everyone off of me.

    “Kathy brought some oxygen with the chair. I need submission, Cole. Let us help you.”

    I’m having a hard time fullyprehending what he’s telling me as I feel him wrap tubing around my ears before I hear the click of the seat belt around my waist. “Thank you, Kathy. I’ll take him from here. Grab yourself a bite to eat.”

    I listen as she walks away in the opposite direction than we are rolling. I struggle to open my eyes and I can feel my head rolling around with my increasing disorientation. I try to sit up but a strong yet gentle hand holds me back.

     “ Sit back Cole. We’re almost there .  ”  

    I must have passed out shortly after as when I opened my eyes again I found myself in a very medical room, triggering my anxiety again. My movements are slow and easily pacified as the alpha starts trying to help me out of the chair.

    “Cole, I need to get you on the bed. I need you to wrap your arms around my neck and I’m going to put my arms under yours to get you standing. Then we’re going to turn slightly so you can sit on the bed.”

    Without waiting for an answer I hear the click of thep belt just seconds before feeling his hands moving my arms. I reach up and timidly wrap my arms around the alpha’s neck.

    “I know it’s a lot to ask but it’s okay to trust me. Don’t be afraid to touch me .  ”  

    Alpha whispers as he starts to lift me to a stand. It’s a struggle to orient myself to a stand but something about alpha’s voice, patient and reassuring, calms the fight I have despite the pain he  is  creating from his hold on me.

###Chapter  15  

    Exactly to his words, once I’m standing, he guides me in a gentle turn allowing me to feel when to sit instead of pushing. I sit on the edge of the bed, pushing myself to breathe as it feels like the vise on my lungs is mping down harder. The whimpers from my childhood are even. more persistent as the spike in my anxiety is getting worse, worsening my asthma.

    “Dr. Pierce was able to get a hold of Dr. Carter. He mentioned that you get really anxious in the hospital making the whole process of  getting  better harder and longer. I have also picked up on your hesitation towards me. Which makes me believe that your alpha is quite harsh with you. Is he?”

    I nod my head slowly as  I  attempt to talk.

    “My …. dad…”

    “Your dad is also your alpha? ”  

    “Damn that  was  a quick put together.‘ I think  as   I  slowly nod again.

    “So you are indeed one of Alpha Charles Redmen’s sons?”

    I nod again.

    “Okay. I feel this is going to be strange for you but I would like to try to help you like I do with Damian. If you haven’t picked up on it yet, he’s my oldest son and he’s also extremely afraid of the hospital. So over time  I’ve  created ways tofort him.”

    He’s right about one thing. Gettingforted in the hospital hasn’t been  easy  toe by as my father has increased restrictions on me which decreased my ess to decent help outside of Dr. Carter. The only people that have ever gone to the hospital with me are Mr. Jenkins and his son Jamie.

    “I’m going to talk you through everything that’s going to happen to you before it happens but I would like to try to help you feel safe. I don’t think it will be easy as youck the trust that my own son has towards me, but I’m patient and persistent so if you’ll allow me to get close to you , by with you, I really think I can help.”

    I nod again giving him permission even though it’s going to be a hard internal fight to allow it to happen.

    “Okay Cole. There’s going to be a lot of touch but you need to understand that none of it is negative. Nothing we do here is a punishment. Everything is to help you. The worst thing that will happen is Dr. Pierce starting an IV on you.”

     I’ve  been keeping my eyes closed in an effort to rx, trying desperately to ease my ability to breathe but at the mention of an IV I can’t help

    but pop my eyes open.

    “I see a lot of fear in those eyes of yours. Do you have a hard time with needles too?”

    I nod slowly, gasping in the process as my chest tightens and burns with theck of oxygen. I curl my hands around the sheets on the bed.  I’ve  yet to move fully onto the bed but to my benefit alpha hasn’t moved very far from me either.

    It startles me when I feel arms around me again. It’s my own reaction to sliding off the edge of the bed that surprises me even more. I throw my arms around his neck as I fall, grabbing hold of his shirt tightly when I do. I’m struggling badly again  as  the fear of being in the hospital and the multiple attempts it will take to get the IV started consume me. Despite mypleteck of control I attempt tomunicate my fear to the alpha,  even  though I know it’s not going to make a difference.

    “Please ….  no…. IV…. hurts …..  bad…… too…. many ….  tries ….  please …..  some…. thing…else….”

    I’m gasping hard by the time I’m done but what I don’t anticipate is an answer.

    “I understand your  fears  Cole, I really do. But if you’re afraid of needles then the IV is the best way to get you the medication you need. I promise Dr. Pierce is really good and  I  will help you rx and get through it.”

     “ Please.”

    I wheeze as my fear of getting an IV is as high as my fear of being tied down and the two always end up happening at the same time.

    “No… IV….. no…. tie…. me…. please…. no…”

     My  struggle intensifies as I truly believe that’s what’sing next.

    “Cole, rx with me. Let me try to understand this .  ”  

###Chapter   16  

    I’m pushing away from him but I’m weak from theck of oxygen. He changes his hand cement so I can’t get away from him, increasing  my  panic even more. I’m fighting hard making everything worse as I suddenly freeze. His hand is on the back of my head, gently rubbing my hair. I’m struggling in so many ways I can’t begin toprehend it myself.

    “Cole,” Alpha’s voice is soft and gentle.

    “You’ve be very frightened very quickly of this IV so give me a chance to understand what I think you’re trying to tell me. It’s difficult to get an IV on you which makes it painful and they have to make repeated attempts to get it. It gets your anxiety high enough that you fight which results in you getting tied down.”

    “Yes.” I wheeze again.

    “Okay. I understand there’s lots of fear and with you just getting here theck of trust makes things even more difficult. All you have to go with is what has happened before. I promise you Cole, I or Ang will tell you what we’re going to do before we do it. I also want to reassure you that I have never resorted to a hard restraint on any wolf that hase into my territory. I don’t know about Crimson General, but here in the medical wing I prefer gentler methods. Ones that allow me to calm andfort in ways that encourage a sense of safety and trust. Before you told me that you were a difficult stick I was nning onfort over power and that hasn’t changed. I’m going to help you the same way I have helped Damian in the past but it’s very important that you follow my directions.”

    I nod my head without thinking about whether he could see me at all but before I could muster the energy needed to speak he starts.

    “I need you to get in the bed. It’s a bitrger than a normal one which helps me with my methods. Step back, Cole. I’ll guide the way.”

    He changes his hand position to my side above my waist and takes the same tiny steps with me as I timidly step back towards the bed.

    “Start sitting back. I will guide you so you don’t fall, then I’m going to help youy on your side.”

    I ease myself back and true to his word, I’mying on my right side as he starts removing my shoes.

    “Ang, have you set up that mask so we can run oxygen in with the nebulizer treatment?”

    “Yes. Just have to turn it on.”

    I’ve closed my eyes again as my chest seems to be running a bad cycle of loosening up for a few minutes before mping back down again.

    “Cole, I’m going to put a mask over your nose and mouth. I’m certain you’re familiar with nebulizer treatments but this is setup to have oxygen added in as well.”

    I can feel alpha lean over me as he ces the mask over my face but submission in the hospital has always been difficult for me and oddly, using the mask during a bad attack makes me ustrophobic. I turn my head away as I feel him get close with the mask. My anxiety spikes and my chest tightens as I start fighting against the mask being put on my face. I have no control over my instincts of fight or flight which is why I always end up in hard restraints. My distressing whines start up again as I’ve started convincing myself that I’ll be the first one this alpha has to put in hard restraints. I feel his hands on top of mine as I start blindly reaching for the mask, not wanting it near me.

    “Cole, I need you to calm down.”

    The gentleness of his voice slows me down, stopping my hands from resisting his.

    “Thank you, Cole. Since the mask seems to be difficult for you at the moment I’m going toy it beside you, close enough for you to breathe the medication. I’m going to put the oxygen cann back under your nose as well.”

    My hands are shaking badly as I reach up and grab the alpha’s hand as he finishes with the tubing.

    “Is there something you need to tell me?”

    I squeeze down hard as my chest tightens again. No one outside of Dr. Carter has ever stopped to check on me, let alone ask questions when I’ve made such a simple gesture. It seems like this alpha may havee across others like me in his life making me wonder if he understands how big this simple gesture actually is for me. I flinch and gasp as he runs his fingers gently through my hair on the side of  my  head.


###Chapter  17  

    “I know it’s hard but it’s important that you don’t fight us right now. We’re just trying to help you. You’re in a really difficult situation being in a new territory with leadership you don’t know or understand. I get it. I really do. Is there anything we can do that will help you rx?”

    “Xanax . ”

    “You take a sedative when in the hospital?”

    I nod slowly as I attempt to reach for the mask.

    “Let me put the mask on you. I promise it will help you.”

    I shake my head trying to get away as he brings it close again. He lets go of my hand as my wheezing worsens from the stress, gently cing it on the back of my head while finally cing the mask on my face.

    “Just breathe Cole. I won’t strap it to you yet but you need to breathe.”

    I try to fight but he moves with me, keeping the mask gentle on my face allowing me the time I need to ept it. “Ang, do we have any Ativan here or is it only at General?”

    “I stock the half milligram dose here. How much?”

    “Let’s start with two pills. These are the rapid dissolve ones?”

    “Yes”

    I hear her footsteps approaching before stopping behind me.

    “Cole, I’m going to put a pulse oximeter on your finger. Are you familiar?”

    I hold out my index finger for her to ce it on. I am quite familiar and it’s one of very few things that has never been used to hurt me in the hospital. After holding the mask gently to my face for a few minutes Alpha ck allows me a break by letting ity on the pillow beside me again.

    “I need you to open your mouth and raise your tongue. I’m going to ce two pills in your mouth. They need to dissolve under your tongue in order to work. This is a sedative called Ativan. Xanax is going to wait until we get the IV established.”

    This is a difficult request as there’s been more than once that I was given something that caused more issues than I already had. It’s been years since I’ve allowed anyone to ce anything directly in my mouth without seeing exactly where it came from.

    “Cole,” I’m shocked at the gentle patience I hear in his voice. “I understand this is different from what you’re used to and trust but I’m trying to stay away from the shots which is the only way we can give you Xanax or Valium right now. Swallowing water while you’re gasping for air doesn’t work out well.”

    I slowly open my mouth as my fear of shots is worse than the potential that he’s lying about these pills. I’m at least familiar with the medication.

    “That’s it. These go under your tongue. Simply let them dissolve away.”

    I feel the pills drop into my mouth and I manage to move my tongue around them so they fall underneath. It only takes twenty or thirty seconds for them to disappear,pletely fasteless with no residual gritty feeling.

    “Cole. Your oxygen levels afe fluctuating badly so I need you to cooperate with the mask.”

     He  gently ces it back to my face .  I immediately fight but not nearly as bad and to my own surprisee to ept the alpha’s gentle hold as the tension in my chest eases slightly.

    “You called, boss.”

    I startle badly at the sound of a new voice causing the high pitched whimper to return.

    “Rx Cole. This is my beta, Patrick. I called him to help Ang while Iy with you andfort you.”

    I can feel the alpha’s gentle touch on the back of my head while he holds the mask to my face. My thoughts are continuing to swirl  with  various doubts as to the sincerity of this new alpha. Yet everything that he’s said would happen, from disciplining my pack mates to what’s happened so far in the hospital, has happened.

     “ Is he one of the new prospects that camest night?”

    “Yes, his name is Cole.”

    “The first pack here on first runs is always Red Fang. With their history with us, why are you so inclined to give this one  special  treatment? ”  

    “First impressions mean a lot to me. You know that. And my first impression of Cole is that he’s different. He deserves  a  chance ,  an open mind towards who he is and what he’s capable of. ”  
###Chapter  18  

    “I don’t understand Demetri, be’s Red Fang. Some of the worse, problematic wolves we continue to deal with. Assault, rape and incest aremon, even eptable for the pack to engage in. Here we’ve had assaults on both males and females both in and out of their pack, and attempted rape of female prospects. Are you certain this is the path you want to take with this one member of that group?”

    “I understand your reservation and I’ll allow you to have it but I have always maintained an individualist view of every prospect thates through and Cole is different.”

    “I don’t like this, if he’s in such bad health that he’s in the hospital already we’d be better to wash our hands of him and send him back when he’s capable of traveling.”

    As continue listening to their conversation I can’t help but be anxious again. As hard as I’ve been trying to get rid of it, the beta’s desire to be rid of me is nerve racking spiking my anxiety again. I fight the mask harder than the first time sessfully freeing myself from the alpha’s grasp, gasping for breath once I’m free. Alpha Demetri catches my hand as I struggle against him, stopping my struggle as he leans over gently speaking to me near my ear.

    “I’m sorry Cole. This conversation is not one that should be happening right now but I assure you that I will not be kicking you out of my program. You will not be sent home once we get you better.”

    “Demetri, I have to strongly disagree with this decision. You know nothing about–him.”

    “Exactly Patrick, you’ve written him off simply because of where he came from and not for the person he is. He will have a chance to show me

    who he is!”

    “Enough, both of you!” Dr. Pierce finally steps in, ending the argument between the higher powers.

    “Cole, I need you to open your  eyes  .  ”  

    She kneels beside the bed  as  she shines a small light into both  as  I’ve now got a tight grip on the alpha’s hand.

    “Cole, your oxygen levels have been too low for too long. You need to wear the mask.”

    Alpha reaches for it again and ces it on my face. Despite my high anxiety I really have no fight left in me.

    “Is the mask ufortable for you? Dr. Carter did mention that when you’re in the hospital he uses a lined mask that’s very soft against your face. That the hardness of the standard one gets you ustrophobic.”

    I nod my head at what she has said as it’s all true.

    “So it’s very important to be honest with me. I need to know how long you’ve been without your medication. It’s been  six  months since you’ve seen Dr. Carter. He’s quite worried about you.”

    I nod my head agreeing to talk the best I can.

    “First the asthma medication. How long since you’ve been out?”

    I shake my head no as i wasn’t out I just didn’t have it with me.

    “You’re not out? So why didn’t you bring it?“/

    To my relief Alpha helps me on this one.

    “I asked the same question while waiting for Kathy to get the chair. He told me that he tried to bring them. I was able to guess that he packed them but they were removed before he left.”

    I  give  a thumbs up trying to indicate a correct answer.

    “Okay ,  so let’s do the thumbs up or down for yes and no. That seems fairly easy for you.”

    I give another thumbs up.

    “Do you use a nebulizer?”

    Thumbs up.

    “Are you out of albuterol?”

    I give her a thumbs down for no I’m not out before putting my fingers close together to show that there’s only a little left.

    “Have you been rationing the medication?”

    I sigh through the mask before giving a thumbs up.

    “You’re supposed to use the nebulizer two to three times a day. How often have you been using it?”

    I close my eyes trying to rx with the questioning not wanting them to know how bad things are for me at Red Fang. After struggling to take in a few bigger breaths I finally hold up one finger.

    “Once a day ?  ”  

    I shake my head and give her a thumbs down.

     “ Once  a  week?”

    Thumbs up. She sighs  as  she continues.

     “ Albuterol rescue inhaler? ”  

    Thumbs up then close fingers ,  I still had that but it was starting to run low from using it more than usual.

     “ You have it but it’s low.”

    Thumbs up.

    “Trelegy?”

    Thumbs down.

    “Singir? ”  

    Thumbs down.

    “So out of half the stuff you’re supposed to be taking. What about your anxiety medication? Do you have any of that left?”

    Thumbs down.

    “How long  have  you been rationing what you have ?  ”  

    I put up three then four fingers.

    “Three to four months ?  ”  

    Thumbs up.

     2/3  

     “ Same for the time you’ve been out ?  ”  

    Thumbs up again.

    “Thank you Cole. I can’t imagine that it’s been easy for you thest several months.”
###Chapter  19  

    Suddenly my chest cramps up badly and I can’t help but fight everyone around me. I hear Dr. Pierce instructing Alpha ck as to what she needs.

    “Demetri, I need that mask to stay on him and I need space to listen to what his lungs are doing when he’s like this.”

     As  hard as I’m fighting, Alpha manages to keep the mask on me without smashing it to my face like most others have. Dr. Pierce manages to stay gentle with me as well while I’m starting to panic from theck of air moving through my lungs.

    “You’ve gotten real tight on me and your oxygen level has dipped badly. I know this hurts bad but I need you to submit to us, let us do all the work. All I need from you is to breathe. I’m going to get a different mask and put more medication in the nebulizer. Demetri, if you can, go ahead and try toy with him. This amount of stress is going to drop his body temperature and Dr. Carter already told me he tends to run on the low side. He’s going to need your body heat until we get everything done that we need.”

    I listen as she starts rushing around trying to find what she wants for me while Alpha calls his beta over to help him.

    “Pat, I’m going to need you to hold the mask near his face as I get close to him.”

    I start my weak fight  as  I hear hime over to me. I’m having a hard time with the idea of someone who doesn’t know me and has already suggested that I leave helping to take care of me. Unfortunately my chest is the tightest it’s been since the asthma attack started and my weakness is showing badly.

    He makes his way over to us, standing near the back of my head. It only takes a few seconds for the switch to be made and the alpha makes his way around to the front of me. My eyes are open as he stops, watching as he takes his shoes off. He sits on the side of the bed beforeying on his side facing me.  I’ve  frozen up in fear and I can feel everything shaking now that he’s this close to me. He must see the fear in my eyes when he looks at me as he starts slowing down and talking with me.

    “This is exactly as I exined before. I’m going to hold you. Help you stay still while Dr. Pierce puts the IV in. You’re still struggling badly with both anxiety and asthma and it’s important that we get both under control.”

    I’m gasping hard and I’m struggling with not being able to open my mouth with the mask being held to my face. I start moving again with the intent of getting the mask off but Beta Patrick isn’t quite as forgiving  as  the alpha. He pushes the mask harder against my face as I fight which only increases my efforts to get away. To my benefit, Alpha notices my stress and quickly intervenes.

    “Rx with me Cole. Pat, I need you to let go and see if Ang, needs your help with anything.”

    He immediately let go of the mask and walks away silently. I don’t hear anything from him until he gets to Dr. Pierce, even then I don’t understand what he’s saying over my hard wheezing.

    I feel the alpha’s hand on the back of my head causing me to startle. I try to yelp and pull away from his touch but my soundes out strangled at best.

    “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you. I need you toe near me. Remember I told you that I wouldn’t put you in restraints to do the IV but I never said you wouldn’t be restrained.”

    I nod my head in recognition of his statement.

    “I need you to move close to me. Lay your head on my arm  so   I  can use my body to help keep you from iling around once she starts .  ”  

    I’m shaking badly but I follow his instructions and move my body towards his. I stop short of actuallyying on his arm. Despite his clear instructions to do so there’s been many times that my father has given me contradictory instructions just so he could punish me for doing one  over  the other.

    To my surprise, instead of insisting on meing closer Alpha Demetri moves towards me instead. It takes everything I  have  to control my instincts to flee, not that I  have  the energy to do it with.
###Chapter  20  

    He gently moves his arm so that it’s under my neck versus my head, guiding my head onto the pillow.  It’s   as   I’m  trying to rx with  him  that I hear two sets of footsteps approaching from behind. I tense up severely when I feel their presence behind me .  

    “Rx Cole.”

    Alpha Demetri speaks softly as he runs his hand gently through my hair. I’ve closed my eyes again as I try desperately to find something positive to focus on to get myself away from the constant triggers  for  my anxiety.

    “Cole, I’ve got a different mask that I think will be a lot easier for you to wear. Just stay still as I put it on you.”

    Dr. Pierce speaks softly before leaning over me and cing a soft foam lined  mask  against my face .  I  ce  my hand around her wrist  as  she holds the mask, allowing me to adjust to its presence before wrapping the strap around my head. She, too, starts ying with my hair. Seems like this pack uses touch a lot to calm others and, at least for me, I find it quiteforting.

    “Are you okay, Ang ? ”

    Alpha’s voice is deep with concern.

    “I’m fine Demetri.  As  scared as he is right now he has been nothing but gentle. He seems to have  a  very kind and gentle soul, very easy to work with once you understand him.”

    I can feel the beta’s presence behind me but he doesn’t speak or move. It seems that he’s simply waiting for his next set of instructions.

    “Cole,  I  understand that getting an IV is very difficult for you. When I spoke to Dr. Carter, he said that he usually has to go for a deeper, more painful vein to get a good line on you. I don’t want to do this more than once as I don’t think your asthma can handle any more anxiety.”

    I nod my head to show my understanding  as  she moves the strap of the mask to the back of my head.

    “Demetri has done it before but I’m going to have him put you in a bear hug keeping you from moving your upper body. He’s also going to put one leg over yours to keep you from kicking. Patrick is going to hold your hand so you can’t pull away while I ce the needle.”

     I  stiffen up with the instructions as I know it’s getting near. I’ve  never  been lucky enough to  get  a one time try and it’s done. The least  I’ve  ever had is three.

    “I need you to rx with me. The more you’re able to  rx  the quicker and easier it will be.”

    I nod my head  as  Alpha Demetri gently pulls me into his chest. I struggle to ept his closeness to me but he continues his gentleness as he restrains me. The arm under my neck curls around so it’s against my shoulders. The other arm, he ces on top of mine ,  which is draped around his side so the doctor can get to it. With Dr. Pierce’s help, he ces his  leg  over my waist and down my legs effectively locking them into ce.

    I’m frozen in fear.  I’ve  never allowed the highest ranked member of a pack get this close to me, let alone physically restrain me. My entire body is shaking now as I struggle to focus away from everything going on. I’m barely able to yelp as I feel two unfamiliar rough hands on mine. I try to pull away but I’m met with a harsh pull to straighten my arm back out. I can’t help but yelp at the unnecessary move, whimpering and fighting against alpha’s restraint of me when I can’t get away. I yelp again when Dr. Pierce and Alpha Demetri yell Patrick’s name at the same time before the alpha gets on him.

    “For the level of hesitation he’s shown towards my involvement with him and the amount of anxiety, pain and simple inability to breathe he’s experiencing he’s been more cooperative the most the he–wolves that were born here. I will not tolerate unprovoked roughness simply because you don’t like the pack he’s from. Now act like my beta or I’ll call your son in to help me!”

    “I’m  sorry  sir. It won’t happen again.”

    “It better not. Towards anyone. I know you try to y it cautious with the prospectsing in but it’s also important that you don’t judge the individual based on the pack’s history. Sometimes  you  just happen across the one that’s different. That’s deserving of your time and patience .  ”  

###Chapter  21  

    I find myself rxing with the alpha’s sermon towards his beta. I can tell by the sound of his voice that he is remorseful for his harshness without the alpha getting overly aggressive with him. I feel him on my hand again and once again I pull away, whining persistently as I don’t. want him on me after that encounter with him.

    “Rx Cole, he’s not going to do it again.”

    This time he keeps a firm hold on my hand as I move around, following my movements instead of yanking on me.

    “Much better, Patrick. He’s just like Damian when ites to needles, only he’s a harder stick which means when I start I need you to keep him still without yanking on him.”

    “Yes, ma’am.”

    He sounds submissive now but that doesn’t make me any morefortable with him. Dr. Pierce uses my movements to get the band around my arm. The difort of the tight band spikes my anxiety, tightening my chest. I start moving my legs slowly against the alpha’s using caution when ites to anything sensitive.

    “Cole, I want you to still your legs. I don’t want you to hurt Demetri.”

    “He’s fine Ang. Just as you said before he’s  very  gentle. I can tell by the way he’s moving that he’s very aware of where he’s at, not evening close to the family jewels. Plus something about it seems to be calming for him.”

    I pull on my arm again  as  she starts feeling around for a vein. She ends up concentrating on a single spot that’s been used before. It hurts bad and is badly scarred from all the bad attempts on it.

    “Alpha “I wheeze through the mask.

    “I can hear you Cole, what do you need?”

    He speaks softly as his head is on top of mine.

    “Bad… spot…. hurts …..  bad….. little….. flow… ”  

    I’m not certain how it made sense but he put it together quick enough.

    “Ang, that vein  is  no good. See if there’s another one .  ”  

    To my relief she starts moving around my arm again allowing me to  rx  a little. The alpha’s hand is in my hair, giving me a third thing to

    distract me.

    “Cole ,  can you tell where I’m at?”

     “  Yes  ”  I wheeze into alpha’s ear. “I…. don’t…. think ….  it’s…. been…. used….. much.”

    “Okay ,  so we will give that one a try.”

    He lifts his head so  he  can speak loud enough for Dr. Pierce to hear. She switches over to cleaning the area with alcohol causing the high pitched whine to return. I can’t help but whine and squirm as she lines everything up.

    “I need you still Cole. I know these are hard on you so I’m moving quickly. This feels like a nice thick vein so I’m going to take some blood when I get in to verify flow before taping it down. Big pinch in 3… 2…“.

     I  yelp and struggle as she pushes the needle into my arm. Alpha’s hug is tighter than before forcing me to stay still.  A  couple  of  seconds seems a lot longer but to my relief I hear her tell Patrick that he can let me go.

    “I’m not going to show you since the IV isn’t taped but he’s got me now and I’ve  got  to say, this one’s got a good grip on him.”

    Now I’m worried.

    “Am… …. hurting…. him….?” I gasp through the mask.

    “He’s worried that he’s hurting you Pat.”

    “No Cole. You hang on as long as you need.”

    I settle back into alpha. There’s something about the way he’s holding me that isforting in a way I don’t understand. I’m starting to rx when the needle moves again. I yelp as I try to push myself away but Patrick has grabbed my hand so I can’t pull away.

    “I’m sorry Cole. I just need to move a little deeper into the vein. Seems like I had only grazed the surface and I was getting just a little bit of   a flow from it. It’s good now, no more moving. I’ll tape everything in ce in a moment.”

    “So you actually got a good line going?”

    “Yes sir. Cole is very sensitive to everything going on despite his high amount of fear. It made it a lot easier to get this the first time.”

    Alpha’s hand starts moving around my head again.  I  can’t help but rx into it as I’ve  never  received this kind  of  attention from my parents when I was having a bad attack like this.
###Chapter  22

    “Dr. Carter told me that you’re very sensitive to the medication he gives you. That, when it’s given in the IV it tends to burn badly and the side effects are numerous when given too quickly so the Valium is going first over about thirty seconds instead of five and I’m putting the steroids- on a feeder. Are you familiar with an IV feeder?”

    I finally let go of the beta’s hand to form a thumbs down for no.

    “I didn’t think so. Alex mentioned that your ess to medical care is limited. Your father gives each wolf a budget they’re allowed to use during the year and yours tends to be on the low side for an alpha.”

    I nod my head against the alpha’s arm.

    “Alex said his normal therapy for these attacks is 2mg of Klonopin, we’ve given you 1mg of Ativan so far. He also gives you 10mg of Valium, not Xanax, and arge starter dose of steroids. Valium and 500mg of the steroids are given as intramuscr shots, single doses.”

    I startle badly when the beta lets out an unexpected yelp and I hear the alpha growl softly near my ear.

    “I take it neither of you are strangers to the steroid injections?”

    Dr. Pierce speaks lightly of their reactions.

    “How did you manage to take five units of that stuff in a single shot?” Alpha Demetri asks near my ear.

    “Why something so harsh, Ang?”

    “Alex said that Cole’s medical care tends to exceed what his father allows so they cut costs where they can. It takes too long and too many people to get an IV going on him so they don’t. They give him one to threerge doses of steroids IM depending on how his breathing improves after each one, then put him on the pills at a higher dose then what he’s regrly on. But we’re not going to do that Cole. Now that I’ve got a good IV line taped down on you I’m going to give you 2mg of Valium and I’m cutting down the steroids. I’m going to put 200mg on a feeder so that it takes an hour to give you the full dose. The steroids will be repeated at that dose every six hours for six doses and I will reassess the next phase of treatment aiming for getting you out of here once we get to that point. Unless he wants you to stay, you should be good to get up Demetri.”

    “If you don’t need me anymore I’m going to head back out to the track and observe the rest of his pack. Don’t forget members of the Blue Moon pack arrive today around four so we may have to end your punishment early. With how slow some of these wolves are moving you’d think they were the ones who couldn’t breathe.”

    Alpha chuckles lightly before responding.

    “That’s fine Patrick and thank you for your help. We will meet during dinner so I can exin things a little better.”

    “Sounds like a n. See you then boss.”

    It’s as the beta leaves that Alpha Demetri starts to move around so he could get up. I can’t exin my sudden desire for him to stay close but my reaction surprises us both. Without thinking I grab the side of his shirt causing him to freeze.

    “Cole, what’s wrong?”

    “Please….. stay…. I’m….. scared….. I’m….. sorry….. I’m….. weak…..”

    }

    Heys back down with me as Dr. Piercees over with the medication.

    “Being scared doesn’t make you weak Cole. Everyone experiences fear. I will stay until you’re asleep. Would you like that?”

    “Please”

    “Okay, I’ll stay a while longer .  ”  

    He reassures me as he gently starts running his fingers through my hair again. I’ve never before been able to rx under an alpha’s  touch  but there’s something different about Alpha Demetri.

    I can feel the Ativan starting to kick in as my mind is no longer racing with all my fears of everything going on around me. Dr. Pierce takes  my  hand in hers as she starts the Valium. I whine loudly and draw my arm back as the burn of the medication hits me but instead of being insulted for my weakness to tolerate pain Dr. Pierce simply slows down even more. The effects of the Valiumbined with the Ativan are almost immediate and I barely register her giving me a second drug.

    ????

    “This is Vicoprofen. It’s Motrin mixed with a little hydrocodone to help with your pain. It will make you sleepy but that’s the biggest side effect.”

    I nod my head as I allow the medication to take hold of me. I’mpletely exhausted and for the first time that I can remember I actually feel safe in the arms of this stranger, this alpha. I bring my head towards him,ying my forehead on his chest as my breathing finally seems to be easing up. It’s as my body is rxing that I hear his voice again, soft against my ear.

    “I’m not going to push you to talk to me but I do feel it’s important for you to understand that I can help you if you’re in danger back at your home pack. You have to ask for help though. It’s obvious you are medically neglected but because you’re an adult I can’t just take you from your home. You must tell me that your life is in danger, that you need protection in order for me to help you. I promise you, I can help you.”

    Those are thest words I hear as I let the medication pull me into the deep sleep I need.
###Chapter  23  

    (Demetri’s POV)

     I  start stirring around as the familiar tingles of the bond alert me to Lillian’s presence,

    “Don’t try to get up quite yet. Ang and I need to help get you loose from the young man you seem to have bonded with.”

    She whispers softly in my ear. My wolf purrs softly as I open my eyes to be greeted with the gentle sky blue eyes of my mate, my luna. I give her a gentle smile receiving a short but passionate kiss from her in return.

    “You told me that you had a meeting with Ang and one of the prospects that came inst night but I got worried when I didn’t find you in your office. Ang filled me in on the events of earlier this morning. I came in about two hours ago. He was still fairly rough so I left you with him hoping that being with you would help.”

    I close my eyes briefly as she runs her hand gently through my hair.

    “He’s been abused, Lilly.”

    “I figured you believed as much. You don’t usually invest this kind of time on the first day unless you see something, sense something going

    on.”

    “Between what little he’s been willing or able to tell  us  and the little bit Ang  was  able to get from Dr. Carter he’s a  severe  asthmatic with significant anxiety issues that’s regrly denied  ess  to both his medication and medical care. ”  

    “So he’s being denied medical attention, Demetri. Most prospectse from lower wealth families within a wealthy pack looking for something better than what they have. It doesn’t always equate to the prospect being abused.”

    “No it doesn’t but he is Alpha Redmen’s son. There’s no reason, outside of choice, that he shouldn’t be receiving the proper medical care he needs. Besides, the reason I inherited the pack over my older brothers is because I have a sixth sense about these things. I knew when I met you that Alpha Tanner wasn’t treating you right. I was eighteen, you sixteen. We both felt the bond immediately yet you were so afraid to even look at me. I don’t think either of us understood how much you had been through until we moved you into the pack house and you’ve never wanted to talk about it. Unlike my siblings, who only took a week toplete the mating ceremony and band,  we  took our time. I understood that you needed to learn and grow, to mature into the wonderful luna you are today. That you have been for thest fifteen years . ”

    Lilly can’t help but smile at the memories of how patient and kind I was towards her, the loving bond we took our time to develop. It’s because of her that I have  very  strict controls on physical punishment towards both kids and adults in the pack.

    There’s no tolerance for mental, physical, or sexual abuse of any type within my pack. It doesn’t mean that it doesn’t happen, and I’m not so blind that I would deny the possibility of it existing. It simply means when I find evidence of a wolf engaging in such an act they are reported to the council and exiled from the pack after an investigation ispleted. If I catch a wolf in the act of assaulting a pup, a rare thing to happen but not impossible, I will strip even an adult wolf down to their bare bottom andy into them with a thick leather belt. Then they are sent to the holding cells while they wait for the council. Rape is simr to assault. Everyone in my pack is taught that false allegations of rape or assault earns just as steep a punishment asmitting the act itself.

    “So what’s your n at this point ?  If you believe that the high anxiety is due to an abusive past then he would need to be reported to the council. Severe asthma on its own is a ….”

    I click my tongue interrupting Lilly before she could finish her sentence as the young man begins to stir, clenching my shirt into his fist showing me, the pain he’s still in. I switch over to the link to finish the conversation.
###Chapter  24  

    ‘Nothing is going to change. I am well aware that his asthma is a disqualification but it seems like so far we’re the only ones that have been exposed to that fact and I’d like to keep it that way. What I need is time to figure out his personality. He is the son of Alpha Redmen who is as cruel, vile and disgusting as theye. I need to make sure that the submissive, yet helpful and caring demeanor I sawst night is who this young man really is. Get him through the six month requirement so I can bring him back for a year. Gain his trust so he opens up. The  only  way I can get him out of a bad situation is as a transfer through the prospect program or through a protection order. He has to be in immediate danger if he returns to his pack for me to initiate one or more of those.”

    Lily is nodding her head as I finish up my initial ns for Cole. I back out of the link as Ang enters the room with a body pillow, handing it off to Lilly as she passes her.

    “It’s going to be very important that the two of you follow my directions. ording to Dr Carter, when Cole is admitted to Red General it’s usually a very painful stay for him. The only time the nursese into his room is to give him medication which is usually in the form of  very  painful shots and for their protection he’s usually tied down with a hard restraint system that doesn’t allow him to move. ”  

    “So his association with people checking on him when he’s been admitted to the hospital is very negative .  ”  

    I attempt to finish her sentence.

    “For the most part. Combine that with his difficulty with epting changes in the interventions used to help him and patience bes an absolute necessity.”

    “I kind of figured on that when he said something about getting tied down. Cole, are you awake ? ”

    I ask as I run my hand through his hair. He stirs slightly but not enough to let me know that he’s aware of anything going on.

    “Lilly, can you lower the side rail Demetri is near. I’ll get this one. ”  

    I reach around the rail myself helping Lilly to lower it down so it’s easier for me to get out of the bed. I listen as Ang does the same on the other. I feel the bed dip under her weight  as  she stands with one knee on the bed. She reaches  across  Cole, gently loosening his hold on my

    shirt.

    “Cole,  I  need to roll you onto your side so Demetri can get up. Can you squeeze my hand so I know you understand me?”

     I  can’t tell if he responds but shortly after her request she starts moving his arm and body away from me. I startle and curse badly as the most terrified yelpes repeatedly out of Cole’s mouth. I had never heard such an agonizing response to being moved. I know I had sorrow in my eyes when I looked at Lilly  as  Ang finishes moving Cole.

     I  slip out from under Cole  as  I hear Ang trying to work with him.

    “Cole. Dr. Carter told me that you have a really hard time being in the hospital back home. That it tends to be very painful and terrifying for you. I need you to remember what I told you this morning. The IV that’s already been done is the most painful thing I’m going to do to you. I  will  exin to you everything I’m going to do before I do it. I promise you Cole I’m not going to hurt you and I’m not going to tie you down. You’ve been an incredibly sweet and gentle young man despite the fear and pain you’ve been in. I have no reason to put you in any type of

    restraints . ”

    By the time she’s finished talking to him, he’s settled down into a soft whimper. She still has hold of his hand and I’ve noticed a rhythmic squeeze that he’s engaged in.

    “Ang ,  do you feel what he’s doing?”

     “  Yes  ,  Demetri and he’s absolutely fine. I’m just waiting for it  to  settle down. I noticed it earlier, actually.  He  seems to engage in repetitive behavior when his anxiety is up and I know moving him when he’s this sedated spiked his anxiety.”

    “Now that I think about it, that’s what he was doing against my legs. You wanted him to stop out of fear that he’d hit me in the groin but I

    allowed it to continue. I noticed a pattern.  He’s  very deliberate and calcting with his movements .  ”  

    Ang has taken over theforting aspect of my presence cing her hand in his hair as I get up from the bed.
###Chapter  25  

    “Lilly, can youy the pillow down where Demetri wasying, raise the rail and plug it in.”

    I  give  her a loving smile as I help her with Ang’s request.

    “Cole, if you understand what I’m saying I need you to let go of my hand.”

    It doesn’t take long for him to respond, slowly letting go of her hand. I easily notice the tremor in his hand but don’t say anything about it. It’s when she ces the stethoscope to his chest that he startles badly enough for him to return to the distressing high pitched whine he’s had most of the morning causing Lilly to cover her ears. Hearing a whine like that triggers memories that she still hasn’t let go of from long ago.

    She looks at me with tears in her eyes as I pull her gently into me, holding her head against my chest so she can wrap her arms around me, grasping the back of my shirt into her fists. It’s only a few secondster that I can hear her through the mind link.

    “That’s why you think he’s been abused.‘

    ‘That’s part of the reason,  yes . I’ve never met an adult wolf with that whine that hasn’t been severely abused as a child. The problem is I  can’t  do anything about it unless he’s still being abused. Damian mentioned that he’s twenty–three which means he has to admit that the abuse is still going on and he has to agree to the protection orders. I can’t just pull him out.‘

    Lilly loosens her hold on me as his distressing whine dies down. Ang speaks softly to him as she resumes listening to his chest.

    “Can you help me roll him back so  I  can get himying on the pillow? He seems to prefer being on his stomach over his back.”

    I kiss Lily’s forehead as she steps away allowing me to approach Cole again.

     “ Cole. I’m going to have Demetri steady you as you are so  I  can give you a break from the mask. I need to put the oxygen cann back on you though. I’d also like to get a heart monitor on you. It’s a handful of special stickers that I need to ce on your chest. Good news is we don’t need to attach any wires but I do need you toy on your back for a few minutes while I ce them.”

     I  can hear him whine in response to the n.

    “What about leaning him against the body pillow instead? Obviously  we  can’t ask him why being on his back is stressful but he’s been responding very positively to the way  we  work with him. Leaning him against the pillow will give us the ess  we  need while keeping himfortable with us.”

    Ang nods her head, liking the idea.

    “If he’sfortable enough with it–then I’ll grab a second one so he can change positions. It’s not good for him toy on his arm like this.”

    With our new n for him Lilly unplugs the thermal pillow as Ang raises the rail on the opposite side. They hand it off so it can be ced on the other side as Cole seems to being out of the sedation enough to talk. I take the mask off him so it’s easier to understand him.

    “Di…. rect heat…. hurts ….  back”

    24

     I’ve  pulled up a chair at the head of the bed, cing my arms on either side of him keeping him steady. It surprises me briefly when he blindly manages to grab hold of one hand allowing him to lean a little against it. I use my hand that’s at his back to y with his hair again. Although it took a little time, he seems to be able to rx when I do it.

    “Ang, how direct is the heating off that pillow? I know he needs the added heat. He’s shaking badly right now and I can’t tell if he’s cold or anxious. I don’t like how cold his skin feels but I think his back might be sensitive to direct heat.”

    “The heating pads are in the middle of the pillow so that it can beid on either side but I’ll turn both of them down a little lower than what  I  wanted to put them on. I’m also going to cover–him–with a heated nket. I kept him with you for two and a half hours hoping to warm him up but he’s dropped his temperature twice since then.”

    “How low is he?”

###Chapter   26  

    I’m starting to get worried considering how his skin feels.

    “About an hour ago he was down to 100 degrees. If he gets below 99 then I’ll have to start warming the IV fluids and start trying to warm him that way. Let’s see if we can get him rolled over onto the pillow. I don’t like the effects this high amount of sedation is having on his heart rate so I want to track it on the monitor.”

    “Okay Cole, we’re going to move you to the pillow so we can get these stickers on you.”

    I speak softly near his ear but he doesn’t respond, it seems like he’s back to sleep again.  As  I try to roll him he wakes with a strangled yelp, both of his hands grabbing hold of the hand and arm that I’veid across his chest.

    “Cole.

    I try to grab his attention but this time he’s frantically trying to get away from me. He’s sedated enough that his eyes are closed, his movements are slow and his fight is weak. Even though he’s easily controlled I don’t like the uncontroble fear that his bodynguage ismunicating to me. His frantic need to pull my arm off of him so he can roll back onto his stomach bes even more disturbing when he resorts to curling his legs up to his stomach. It’s obvious he’s trying to protect himself, the question is, from what?

    Ang and Lilly have taken a few steps away from us, giving me space to work with him without concern he may identally hurt them. I use the one thing to get his attention that I can think of. I give two quick, sharp clicks of my tongue near his ear, a technique I have used with many wolves who suffer with anxiety.

    Despite the high chance he’s never been introduced to such a technique he reacts exactly as I expected him to. His persistent whine stops and his movements freeze. I can feel his entire body shaking now and it’s without any doubt that he’s terrified of something that has happened consistently in the past, that he firmly believes is getting ready to happen to him now. I pull myself closer to him, holding him tighter as I do. I squeeze his hand gently  as  I start to talk to him.

    “I need you to show me that you understand what I’m saying to you.”

    It’s only a few secondster that I feel the gentle but rhythmic squeeze of his hand on mine.

    “Thank you Cole. I can feel your squeeze. Now, I know you’re afraid. When Red General starts monitoring your heart, does something else happen? Do they put more than just the heart monitor stickers on you?”

    He nods his head before attempting to speak.

    “Heart… monitor ….  means ….  over… night…. or  more… I  stay …. tied…. no…. bathroom…. or eating…. just ….  tubes… they…. hurt…. Bad…. ”  

    I’m speechless as I watch a single tear escape from his eye. I look at Ang before making eye contact with Lilly. They both heard, they both understand what this young man has just said. I sigh lightly as I try to quickly figure out what I could possibly say to reassure this young he- wolf that nothing outside of what we exin to him is going to happen to him.

    “Cole, I know this is huge as I’m certain getting this sick so soon in another pack’s territory isn’tmon for you. It’s very important that you  trust  us. I need you to listen and believe what we tell you. I promise you if Ang or I tell you we have no reason to restrain you then we are not going to restrain you. There’s absolutely no reason for  us  to tie you to the bed and put a catheter or ng–tube inside you. They are ufortable procedures that can be quite painful if done incorrectly. I assure you that nothing unnecessary like that is going to happen to you.”

    He startles hard when I use my thumb to wipe the tear from his eye, the steady grip on my hand easily conveys the true nature of his  fear . Ang  steps  back  over  gently touching his arm. She looks at me sadly when he chokes back a yelp, squeezing his legs even tighter against his abs .  

    “Cole, I’m going to listen to your lungs before we roll you to your back. I do need to get your shirt off  of  you to get the stickers  in  the  proper  ce .  Are you okay with me cutting it? ”  

     He   nods  his head  slowly  as he flinches hard under Ang’s stethoscope.

###Chapter   27  

    “Try to rx with us Cole. Your breathing is still very restricted and the more rxed you are the easier it will be to move the  air   you   need  I’m going to start with the back of your shirt. It’s loose enough that you shouldn’t feel the scissors just hear them.”

    Even the simple task of cutting his shirt to expose his chest is anxiety provoking for him. He squeezes my hand hard as he starts gasping through his mouth. Once she’s done cutting the back off of his shirt I hear her through the pack link.

    **

    ‘He’s got really bad scarring on his back as well as what appears to be more recent cuts and bruises but it’s difficult to figure out what’s new versus old in this light. Are we doing him by the book?‘

    “No. I need to be able to bring him back in six months for the second run if I can’t gain his trust enough for him to talk about the abuse.  Only  an intolerable offense like stealing, assault, or rape will get him kicked out. Everything else he gets a pass as far as the council is concerned.  I’d  like to keep him from feeling singled out but if we find injuries consistent with current abuse that’s going to be hard to do. I do however need everything documented. We’re going to keep two separate files on him.”

    She stands from her seat and walks over to the cab pulling out a small throw nket. When she returns to the bed she carefully wraps the nket around the pillow before grabbing the oxygen and cing it back under his nose. He yelps lightly when he first feels the tubing on his face but fortunately he settles down quickly. It’s when we’re ready to move him to his back that we run into a slight problem. The young man is so terrified of having a catheter ced that he’s curled himself into as much of a ball as his body would allow.

    “Cole, I need you to rx your legs. Stretch them out for us.”

    I speak gently near his ear trying to gain some of his confidence back. He squeezes hard on my hand as he attempts to speak.

    “I’m…. sorry….. alpha….”

    “There’s nothing to be sorry about, Cole. We just need to get you in a position that allows us to get these stickers on your chest.”

    “I’m…. sorry…. I’m….. scared…. I’m….. weak”

    “Cole”

    I sigh, not certain how to approach this.

    “Fear is not a weakness and right now, I would expect any wolf,in this situation, including myself, to be afraid. That’s the reason I’m with you right now. It’s important for any wolf to have support when they are having such a difficult time. The biggest thing I need from you, right now, is to trust me. We are telling you what   is going to happen before we do it. I really need you to think about it. Outside of using a stethoscope to listen to your heart and lungs or your ear to check your temperature, have we done anything without telling you first?”

    Even with his entire body shaking I can feel his grip on my hand rx slightly before he faintly whispers no. I’ve gone back to gently rubbing the back of his head, trying my best tofort him. I’m struggling to imagine what it is this young man has experienced at his home hospital to have made him so terrified of being here. He truly must be desperate for help to even go there if he’s this fearful and has no support once

     he’s  there.

    “Cole.”

    It’s the first time Lilly has spoken directly to him. I find it surprising when he flinches badly as she touches his knee.

    “We understand that you’re scared and you’re trying to protect yourself by curling into a ball but it’s important right now that we get your legs rxed so we can roll you towards your back, While Ang works on your shirt and the stickers I’m going to cover your feet and legs with a heated nket. Would that help? To be  covered  ?  ”  

    He nods his head slowly as he whispers ‘please‘.

    “Okay. So let’s work on getting you straightened out.”

     His  grip tightens on my hand again as she gently rubs his legs. Ang starts cutting one of the sleeves of his shirt as Lilly gently encourages him to straighten out his legs.
###Chapter   28  

    They finish about the same time with Cole’s shirt falling to one side exposing his chest and abdomen. I watch Lilly close her eyes and silently turn away as she sees the young man’s bare upper body. It’s no longer a question as to if he’s still being abused as angry red cuts and redish purple bruises appear all over his chest. ck and blue bruises litter his abdomen so tightly that it’s difficult to tell where any normal skin is.

    ‘Is this what you saw on his back‘ I link Ang.

    ‘It’s difficult to tell without more light.‘ She responds.

    “Cole, I’m not going to report what we do for you medically to the council. It’s rare for me not to do things by the book but I think I’m in a situation with you that warrants giving you this safety. But in giving you this pass, it’s important that you allow us to treat you properly for the injuries, the issues that we see. By the way your abdomen looks it will likely cause pain but Ang will need to do an exam and ultrasound to verify that you’re not bleeding internally. I have one question about all the bruising and cuts I’m seeing. How old is it?”

    “Three” I hear him barely croak out.

    “Three days?” He nods his head gently against my arm.

    “I’m going to need him toypletely t to do an ultrasound on him. We can change his position to something morefortable for him once I’m done.”

    Ang informs us as she finishes turning on the heart monitor. Lilly unplugs and moves the thermal pillow to a chair near the bed as the two of us gently move him to his back. He whimpers lightly during the move but makes no effort to fight this time.

    Not knowing how long it will take for Ang to grab the ultrasound machine, Lilly covers his body with the heated nket before gently touching his cheek. He flinches at her touch but makes no other effort to move away. She leans in, giving me a brief kiss before looking sadly upon Cole.

    “Let me know if you need me for anything else. I’m going to head to the kitchen and direct the food prep for lunch. I’ll bring him some chicken soup and some protein shakes for when he feels like eating.”

    “Thank you, Lilly.”

    I smile gently as I caress her face. She leans into it, closing her eyes, allowing a single tear to drop. Using my thumb, I gently wipe it away. Although I’m unaware of the true extent of the abuse she endured, it has made asting impression on her. She has always struggled immensely anytime we have been contacted to take in an abused pup that was abandoned at the local children’s hospital. Finding an adult in this bad of shape that hasn’t already gone rogue or killed their abuser is very rare. Unfortunately they are also the most difficult to help and as vulnerable to death from their abuser as a child.

    I stay at the young wolf’s head, gently running my hand through his hair again as I hear the monitoring equipment start picking up the slow rhythm of Cole’s heart. I can’t help but let my thoughts wonder as Cole starts to rx with me. What has he gone through? How did he survive his childhood when he’s being beaten this badly as an adult? How do I gain his trust? I’m surprised but say nothing when heys his head against my arm, snuggling against me like a pup seeking thefort of their parents. I slip my hands under the warm nket he’s covered with as I talk softly near his ear.

    “Cole, will you let me hold your hands while Ang does the ultrasound?”

    He shifts slightly against my hands as I ce them lightly on top of his. Ang returns with the ultrasound machine. She touches his shoulder

    as she talks .  

    “Cole, I need you to open your eyes and show me that you are awake enough to understand my instructions.”

    He slowly opens his eyes and turns his head to look at her.

    “Considering the amount of bruising I’m seeing I don’t think this is going to be a painless procedure but it is a necessary one.”

    He nods his head, seeming to recognize the need.

    “I need to make certain that you don’t have any ongoing internal bleeding that may require surgery. I am willing to follow what Demetri has said about keeping this out of the council until you’re ready to talk about what happened but that’s conditional.”

###Chapter   29  

    Ang is looking me straight in the eyes as she finishes thest part of her sentence and as she starts the next.

     “ If this is bad enough to demand surgery then it is not possible to keep this from the council. Based on what Demetri and I have seen, it we report your condition to the council, they wouldunch an abuse investigation with or without your consent, which could be very dangerous for you if this injury is indeed because of abuse. Do you understand what I’m exining?”

    He nods again slowly.

    “I need you to keep your legs down and straight as I do the scan. I don’t know the level of difort this will cause you but  I  will  give   you  something for the pain afterwards if there’s any lingering. Take Demetri’s hands, I’m going to have him hold your arms and  hands  on  your  chest. Doing that should bring you somefort and help keep you from trying to fight this too much.”

    She’s gently sliding the nket down to Cole’s waist as she finishes her instructions. I gently take hold of his hands and calmly work  through . the little bit of resistance he gives me. He whimpers softly as Ang tucks a towel into his waistband. His eyes are closed as he leans his  head  into my arm, his grasp on one hand is steady while the other is being squeezed rhythmically. I can tell he’s fighting to stay calm as he startles and stifles a yelp when the cold gelnds on his abdomen and the probe gets ced on his skin.

    She starts the exam on his far right side, just under his ribs where his liver is. It’s as she presses the probe against his skin to get his liver toe into view that he yelps painfully, grasping both my hands hard as I tighten my hold around him trying to keep him from leaping off the bed. The tears forming in the corners of his eyes easily portray the pain that he’s in as his yelp turns into a persistent whimper as he tries to bury his head into my arm.

    “I’m sorry Cole.”

    I try to soothe the young man as I feel his body trembling against me.

    “I know we promised we wouldn’t hurt you but this isn’t something we knew about beforehand.”

    “You’re doing wonderfully, Cole. I know this is painful for you but you’re still managing to be very still which is helping this to go a lot faster without sacrificing being through.”

    Ang chimes in as she moves to another area.

    After a brief twenty minute scan she seems satisfied and cleans everything up. As she puts the machine away and gets a little more pain killer for Cole, I start working with him to get him off his back. I get him on his side easily and step away to grab the body pillow.

    It’s as I’m returning to the bed that I see the scar that Ang mentioned. To me, it looks to be a one time incident. That this scar that takes up over half of his back, was one huge injury not several small ones that happened over time. Ang was correct about one thing. The lighting in the room created too many shadows to figure out what may have caused such an injury. I reach out towards the middle of the scar. Arge patch directly over his spine that appears simr to burns I’ve seen when silverced water is dumped over an open wound. An old, barbaric way of torturing confessions out of detained wolves that was ouwed by the werewolfmittee over sixty years ago. Unfortunately, theck of reporting and subsequent punishing for such an archaic practice of torture has been slow to fully quell and many packs still use it freely.

     I  stop short of touching it. Coming to my senses I gently ce the pillow wrapped in a soft nket behind him before leaning over him ,  speaking softly alerting him to my presence and that I was rolling him onto the pillow. To my relief instead of yelping he simply  grabs  my hand as I start to move him. Anges over to us as I finish getting himfortable.

    “Cole, I’m going to give you a little more hydrocodone. The ultrasound showed some scaring on your liver but it’s difficult  to  tell if it’s  a   past  or present injury. There was no activé bleeding which is good but it is inmed and erged so it’s something I need to  monitor .  You’re   going  to need to stay away from any acetaminophen based painkillers as they will adversely affect your liver.”

     It’s   as  I finish cing the second pillow in the bed and covering him with the nket that I  hear  his voice.

     “ Alpha.”

    He’s barely whispering but I can still hear him  clearly .

    “I’m here Cole .  Do you need anything?”

     “  Can  …  you… stay… until… I…. sleep ? ”

    Although his  voice  is clearer than before  it’s  still quiet and breathless, showing just how challenging getting his  asthma   attack  under confro going to be.

    “Yes, I’ll stay until you’re asleep but I won’t be able to nap with you this time. Ang has to get back to Jessa’s patients since the’s  out  sick and I have some meetings I need to attend to but you won’t be alone the entire time. The monitors will alert us to  everything   going  on and one of us will be checking on you every two hours. Ang will be giving you medication every four to six hours and  I’m certain   Damian  nning to visit sometime today.”

    I’m sitting back in the chair at the head of the bed gently running my fingers through his hair.

    “You know I’ve never thought to ask if you were okay with this. Most he–wolves in a new territory can’t stand another male touching  them   but  over the hours I’ve been with you this morning I haven’t felt you react as if you want me to stop.”

    “No… don’t…. stop…. Only one…. family…. bothers ….  to help…. me at…. home.”

    I nod my head silently knowing he can’t see it  as   I  continue petting his head gently, rhythmically. Slowly  I   can  hear his light  whimpering   fade  ,  gradually reced by the high pitched sound of his wheezing. I continue quietly listening to his wheezing and the steady beeping  of   the  monitor for twenty minutes before leaning over him and speaking softly in his  ear .

    “If you can bring yourself to trust me I can free you from whatever hell you’re living in.”

    I ce my hand gently upon his head before reassuring him of my return in a few hours. I use the link to connect with Damian, Dominic ,  Patrick and Parker.

    ‘We’re meeting for lunch in the dining hall with the rest of the prospects at noon. I’vee to an important decision that involves all  of   you  .  ”  
###Chapter 30

    After nearly three hours of phone conferencing with the council and twenty of the one hundred east coast packs involved in the prospect program, I’m finally free to leave my office. It was a grueling three hours as I haven’t been able to pull my mind away from the young man in the hospital wing, Alpha Cole Redmen.

    I was able to do some research on him while on the phone and he is indeed the Alpha’s youngest son. The only information I have received is an email from Dr. Carter showing me the medication he’s on. Unfortunately that’s all I’m allowed to find out as I don’t have a justifiable cause to invade his private medical files. At least not yet.

    I run into Lily just as I’m exiting my office. I quickly wrap my arms around her before giving her a long sensual kiss. I gently nip her lower lip. asking permission to take it a step further. Something I only do when I know no one else is around. She pulls away gently, knowing exactly where this is headed. She’s smiling but apprehensionces her eyes.

    Despite werewolves being very sexual creatures and we’ve been together for twenty–two years, we haven’t engaged in sex regrly unless she’s desired a pup. Sex has never been easy for her yet she knows that’s exactly what I’m asking for and I know I’m going to get it when she opens my office door back up.

    I close the door gently, locking it as she heads for the back room containing a full size bed and a full bath. I gently close that door as well when I get in there. I stand a foot from the door, watching her movements as I vowed twenty years ago that I would never hurt her again like 1 did that first time.

    Although she ims she doesn’t know if her father raped her, her father did admit to mine the he actively engaged her in ‘sexual training‘. An old tradition where the girl’s father teaches her how to please her mate from an early age and the end result is rape. It’s been considered sexual abuse for decades but that doesn’t stop it from happening.

    We met when I was eighteen, she was sixteen. Her father had been training her on how to please her mate since she was six. He had us get a room together while my father worked out the arrangements necessary for us to bring her back to our pack. The only time my father would bring one’s fated mate back to the pack before they were eighteen was if they were being abused or if the pack was more than   a twelve hour drive from ours. Lilly was both.

    Her body is tense as she slowly walks around the room, kicking her shoes off at the edge of the bed. I do the same at the door but I don’t like her posture, she needs to rx or I’m not going to take her no matter what she says.

    I walk up behind her, gently running my hands down her arms, taking her hands in mine. I lightly run the tip of my nose down the side of her neck taking in every aspect of her scent before lightly nipping my mark on her. Her wolf purrs lightly as she leans into me. It’s a little more towards what I’m looking for with her but she’s still tense. As much as I need this release with her to clear my head and focus my thoughts on how to handle this abused young man in my territory I won’t hurt her again.

    “You’re tense Lilly. I know you won’t refuse me but you also know I won’t take you tense. What’s on your mind?”

    “That boy in the hospital. It’s been a long time, Demetri. My cycles have merged this month so I know I’m on the sensitive side which will make this difficult for me but I need this from you just as much as you do.”

    She turns in my arms, cing her hands around my waist.

    “I know you go off bodynguage more than my words but please Demetri, you know what I need when stuff like this happens.”

    I nod my head as I kiss her forehead. I don’t linger there though. I move to the side of her head to her ear before giving it a gentle nip. I continue my trail down her jaw, to her neck before concentrating on my mark. Her body responds instantly to my kisses, licks and lite nips upon my mark. A single bite mark, now a scar, in the crook of her neck between her neck and corbone.

###Chapter 31

    I trail my fingers gently behind her neck finding the zipper to her dress and slowly pull it down to her waist before concentrating on the sps of her bra. She shrugs both items off her shoulders just before she captures my lips into a deep sensual kiss bringing the soldier het want my legs to attention. Her hands wonder my body slowly clueing me into her own hesitance of what she really wants. My arms are wrapped around her back, pulling her into me tightly, my bulging pants grinding against her panties. I can feel her hands shake as the unbuckles my helt followed by the button of my jeans. It’s as she’s grasping the zipper that I growl sharply, firmly pulling her hand away as I’m met with a lite whimper.

    I look down into her stunning blue eyes as they fill with tears from my sudden rejection of her actions.

    “You’re shaking Lilly. You’re afraid of me right now. You know I can’t do this when you’re shaking like this.”

    She reaches her hand up to my face as I close my eyes and lean into her touch.

    “I forgave you a long time ago for that first time. It’s about time that you do the same. I love you and despite knowing how the hardest part of this will feel, I sought you out. Just be gentle with me.”

    “I’m always gentle with you, Lilly.”

    I whisper as I look into her eyes again, searching for the hesitation I know I feel from her. I find nothing but longing, a desire to be with me.

    “Just be gentle with me.”

    She emphasizes again as she pulls my head down into a deeply sensual kiss filled with passion and need. I know by her emphasis that this is going to be difficult for her so instead of simply giving her what she wants I want to pleasure her. Take my time to give her as much pleasure as I can before it mixes with the pain.

    Iwrap my arms around her and make no moves to stop her from gently pulling my zipper down, careful to miss my manhood. My jeans fall quickly to the floor as she hooks her thumbs into the waist of my boxers, pushing them away as my hardness is fully uncovered. I hook my thumbs into her panties and in one motion, finish disrobing her as well.

    She squeals loudly as I pick her up and carry her a short distance to the bed. Iy her down gently and make no moves to adjust my position as her legs are already wrapped around my waist. She rxes her legs into an open butterfly as I move onto her chest. She gasps as I gently suck one of her nipples into my mouth. Gently flicking it with my tongue her body melts in ecstasy. I switch breasts sucking the other pink bud into my mouth.

    It’s while she’s distracted that I run my hand down between her legs. I take my time, feeling every aspect of her body as I run my hand gently over her inner thigh. I slowly circle around her pelvis until I’m touching her other thigh. She quivers and whimpers as I cross over the middle. The more time my hand spends between her legs the more she tries to close them, the unmistakable nightmares of her past evident in her whimpers.

    I slide my hand back to the center, in between her legs. I still my movement as I push my body back towards her head, capturing her lips in mine. She’s not as confident as she was a few minutes ago. I’ve taken her out of herfort zone. I slowly run my hand gently between her legs. My wolf purrs lightly at the feeling of her slit beneath my hand. She struggles with my touch, her desire to close her legs is obvious as she squeezes my body between them.

    I leave her lips and start back on her mark hoping it would distract her enough from the mental uncertainty of what I’m doing for her to ept the feeling of her mate between her legs. Her whimpers quiet as I gently nip her mark. I continue my distraction as I gently press my middle finger barely into her slit, rubbing gently and slowly. I increase my pressure slowly until I reach the sensitive skin inside, rubbing gently against her sensitive nub.

###Chapter   32  

    Her body stiffens as she whimpers again as my pressure gently increases.

    ‘Lock your link to me.‘

    I encourage her through the link. I know she’s done it when I feel her overwhelming anxiety towards the change in intimacy that I’ve take with her.

    ‘Stay with me Lilly. I’m not going to hurt you,‘

    I reassure her through the link as I take her a step further.

    I gently slide my finger to her entrance, gently running the tip along the outer edge. She whimpers hard with uncertainty, I haven’t touched her like this since my epic failure to control my wolf the first time we had sex.

    We had waited two years before having the mate’s union ceremony that recognized Lillian as my luna and another year after the union ceremony to finish the mating bond. It’s unusual for fated mates, especially an alpha and luna to wait so long beforepleting the bond, so my wolf was eager to have his mate and her wolf was in heat.

    She–wolves go through both the human menses and the wolf’s three week heat cycle. It’s during the wolf’s heat cycle that you are ny percent certain to get her pregnant. She can get pregnant during the human cycle but it tends to take longer with less certainty. Either cycle between two werewolves will produce a werewolf. We both wanted children and she swore that she was ready,

    My wolf took control and paid no attention to the fact that she had been sexually abused for ten years by her alpha father. By the  time  the tie released and my wolf retreated, satisfied he had done his job, Lilly was left a terrified, sobbing mess. I had lost control of him so badly that i didn’t have a clue what he had done to her with my body. So for twenty years I have yed it safe and stayed within herfort zone, feeling that it was the least I could do after convincing myself that I had raped her that night.

    I’ve stayed away from the simple pleasures of rubbing her clit, fingering her and sucking on her cunt because that was what I know her father did to her. At least that’s my understanding.

    The difference is he trained her, through physical pain, to hate such contact with her body. She has never detailed to me what happened when he touched her. All she’s ever said was that his hand between her legs brought her unbearable pain. So I’ve only indulged in those simple pleasures a handful of times at best.

    Yet there’s something about today, my instincts about the young man being verified and my luna seeking me out, desiring apletely different means offort after seeing the young man’s bruised abdomen that’s telling me, begging me, screaming at me to challenge her the way I have refused to challenge her for twenty years.

    It’s as her body finally rxes under my gentle touch that I add more pressure, increasing the friction against her sensitive clit. She shifts ufortably beneath my body as a sensation she’s rarely felt starts to invade her. The beauty of having her lock into the link is being able to simply think what I wish to say and she’ll hear it.

    ‘I know you’re not used to this as I’ve been afraid of hurting you again for all these years. I’m not going to hurt you Lilly. I want you to experience the same pleasure I do when your hands are on me. Rx with me darling. It’s me and me alone.”

    My speed increases, changing the way it feels again. I’m between her legs, keeping her from closing up on me but I’mying to one side of her so I can see her face as I slow my speed and introduce one of several obstacles she struggles with during forey and sex.

    I press my middle finger against the skin between her slit again and gently, slowly slide it to her entrance again stopping just barely inside. Her body is stiff and her breathing ragged as she tries to cope.

    “Rx Lilly.” I whisper in her ear hoping that the sound of my voice will soothe her as I slide my finger down inside her. She gasps hard as she struggles not to fight against me. I capture her lips with mine as I slowly develop a gentle rhythm. I pull my lips from hers as I continue my gentle fingering of her entrance. Her breathing has rxed and she’s finally enjoying what I should have done to her so many years ago.

“Lilly, look at me.
###Chapter   33  

    She opens her eyes and for the first time since I started her eyes are rxed, showing me a level of trust that I’ve never seen before.

    “I want you Lilly. All of you. Trust mepletely. Submit to me. Let me pleasure you, rx you so my tie to you doesn’t hurt you   ”

    I see the hesitatione forward in her eyes again. I pull my finger from her cunt and ce it in my mouth to clean it off holding back my hum of enjoyment from tasting her for the first time in years.

    Even though the tie has happened every time we have sex she’s never been rxed enough for it to be easy for her to handle. The mate the only happens between fated mates and on a rare asion, if you find your second chance mate before your fated mate.

    It’s nothing for the man except for a potential inconvenience if he’s in a hurry but it can be ufortable to extremely painful for the womars depending on how tense or fearful she is of the process. It’s especially difficult for her if the man she’s with doesn’t realize that the tie has urred and tries to force himself to separate from her.

    “Lilly, I’m sorry it’s taken so long for me to ask this of you. I know seeing the condition Cole is in has stirred up old memories. I know that’s why you sought me out. You desire the pain that has alwayse from the tie. I’m not going to hurt you. I know you’re highly sensitive right now so please, I need you to be mine.”

    She’s looking into my eyes as I finish talking. She nods her head as she whispers “I’m yours” in my ear.

    “Submit to me Lilly.”

    I whisper back as I gently nip her ear.

    “I’m yours Demetri, just do one thing for me?”

    “Absolutely Lillian, what do you need?”

    “I need you to understand what happened to me. The young man’s chest started it but the tie. The tie has always been a bad trigger for me. So you’re right Demetri. I sought you out because I need to tie to you. I need to tell you of those bad memories, not bury them.”

    “Are you certain this is the best way to do this? My instincts tell me to push you but I don’t want to hurt you.”

    She looks at me lovingly but that love is shadowed with fear. She knows exactly what this is going to do to her yet she’s asking for it anyway. It’s been a long time since I’ve agreed to let her release like this.

    “There’s something you need to understand before I give this to you.”

    She nods her head as she looks into my eyes.

    “I’m not going to stop this time. I’ve allowed you the control now it’s my turn. I need you to understand that’s what I mean by you being

    mine.”

    “It’s not the first time you’ve asked for control like that. I know what it means.”

    I shake my head.

    “No Lilly. I have never asked for control when you’ve sought me out. The only time you seek me sexually is when something has happened that triggers a memory of what he did to you. I have never understood why but you know it’s true. Why else would you admit that the tie is a big trigger but that’s what you need from me? Right now as I talk with you I see the fear in your eyes. I know this is going to be a challenge for you but something tells me you need this. I can’t exin why now is the time but it is.”

    The apprehension has grown in her eyes as I have held eye contact with her as I’ve talked. I lean down and take her mouth in mine before gentling my voice.

    “I’m going to challenge you my love so I need these things from you.”

    She nods her head agreeing to what I need from her before I ask.

    “Do not fight me. Do not stop me. Nothing I do to you is going to hurt you. I need you to trust and have faith in me that I will not hurt you Lilly. Open your link to me. Lock on to me. I need to feel everything that you feel that way if there is any hint of pain I can adjust what I’m doing and most importantly, the tie will happen. I’ve been pulling out before finishing because I can’t get out fast enough afterwards. This time, we are going to tie and once it’s fully established I want to roll onto our sides to see if that’s easier for you to handle. I’m going to do what I’ve wanted you to feel for years Lilly. Don’t be afraid. I promise it feels good and there’s nothing bad about it.”

    There’s fear in her eyes as she leans up to kiss me. Long and sensual telling me her desire despite her fears. My fears of hurting her again have held me back for two decades and now she’s asking me to trigger some of the worst experiences she’s ever had and refused to tell. There’s something about today that tells me this is my only shot. I’m finally going to learn what Alpha Tanner did to her so many years ago.
###Chapter   34  

    I know what I want to do. I’ve yed it over in my head many times but that doesn’t make it any easier to do. It’s been hard to show my love to my luna, to show her my wants and desires for her heart, body and soul. The moon goddess paired me with a beautifully made  luna   who  was traumatized by her father for years after her mother passed. She was the only girl and the youngest of four. To this day I don’t know the specifics of what happened to her.

    I’mying on top of her, still between her legs supporting myself on my arms that I’ve tucked beneath her. She’s closed her eyes as she’s  trying  to gain control of her emotions. It’s been years since I’ve demanded control, that I was going to challenge everything that she fears,  I’ve   only  done it twice before now. Both times she was in heat, first when she was ready for our second pup and the second was five years ago when she wanted to try for our third, we got twins instead.

    I have found over the years that she has topletely submit to me in order for her to handle the tie. This means I have to haveplete control because the tie starts urring before I’m done ejacting. I’ve gotten used to pulling out and finishing myself outside of her over the years as it’s been a rare but beautiful urrence for her to orgasm.

    I allow her to use her hands or mouth, whatever she’sfortable with at the moment, to finish my release. Considering the panic the tie creates, that to this day she struggles to get past, it’s the least  I  can do for afortable sexual life with her. Most wolves do in a day what we manage to do in a month.

    It’s as her body starts to rx beneath me that I have my n and start easy on her again. We have both cooled down sexually speaking so getting the arousal back for both of us is my first step. I duck my head down beside hers ,  allowing my wolf to purr softly near her ear. She immediately responds with a purr rxing her body even more beneath me.  I  start with my gentle kisses, sensual and sweet, from her temple to her mark earning me a quiet moan as I barely graze my extended canines over her mark.

    I’m relieved when she joins in, using her hands to gently guide me back to her mouth. I’m always nervous when I demand submission from my luna. As my mate she is an equal to me even if she’s notfortable exercising that dominance.

    I’ve always hated demanding submission from her but I have found it a necessary evil when she panics ,  when any of them panic. I nip her bottom lip, slipping my tongue inside when she gasps, greedily wrestling her tongue for dominance as I feel her stifling her giggles. Such a simple feeling rxes me, allowing my mind to get away from the nagging dread I’ve felt most the morning.

    I move my mouth down her body until I reach her breasts again. I grab one in my hand, gently massaging the supple mound, barely grazing her nipple with my thumb. I’m getting her started with the simple things that she’s gottenfortable with me doing over the years.

    Her challenge tonight, outside of her usual, is my desire to taste her. She’s putty in my hand as I flick the other nipple with my tongue before drawing it gently into my mouth. Ibine the use of my tongue with the gentle suction from my mouth to make her breathing rise faster and her body squirm. Our lock into each other through the link allows me to feel what she physically feels, reassuring me that her squeals and squirm are in pure enjoyment.

    I switch to the other breastmitting myself to giving her the same enjoyment for the same amount of time. My soldier is rock hard and ready for a piece of the action. Although it took over a year after Damian was born to touch her this way, I was able to get her to enjoy it. The same can’t be said for anything further south.
###Chapter 35

    It’s as I’m sucking on her nipple, swapping sides every minute or two, that I arch my back so my hardness starts rubbing the softness between her legs. Keeping it familiar, I start rubbing slowly. First her inner thighs before grazing her slit without entering. It’s as my pressure increntess that her body freezes and I can feel the anxiety building through the link. I wrap my arms around Lilly as Imand her mouth’s attention. She rxes in my hold slightly as I continue my slow grinding against her southern lips.

    It’s when she rxespletely in my arms again that I trail kisses to her ear.

    “Rx with me Lilly. ept whatever I decide to do. I’mpletely locked into the link with you and I swear to you that nothing I do  will  hurt you. Focus on me and what you’re from me.”

    I whisper in her ear before going back to her mouthmanding her attention again. I slow my grind against her as my mouth trails slowly down her body again. She’s gone still and stiff, just like the other times I attempted to do this with her. I’m very predictable so I know she understands what’sing, she’s just never told me why it makes her so ufortable when physically she’s very responsive to every touch, every lick, every bite.

    I stop briefly and give each nipple a delicate suck before trailing further south to her navel. I stop at her abdomen, trying to give her time to follow my trail. It’s when I can barely feel what I’m doing to her that I lightly nip her skin before soothing it with a lick. I know I have her back on me when I can feel everything, her thoughts, her pleasure and her pain. After several minutes I trail to my final destination, the one I rarely get to, her southern lips between her legs.

    I gently rub her inner thighs encouraging her to  rx  and open up to me. I can feel her anxiety building but so far she’s still calm .  I start with kisses along her inner thighs before gently rubbing the outside of her slit. She shifts slightly with the contact but doesn’t fight it.  I  can feel through the link that she’s struggling, so I follow my instincts on what I feel she truly needs and pause my progress until she seems a bit more

    rxed.

    I slowly start putting enough pressure on my middle finger to slowly push into her slit, smiling when I feel her juices coating my finger. Her breath catches briefly but I can feel through the link that she is trying hard to stay 100 percent focused on me. Something I’ve never required her to do before, so far, it seems to help.

    I change my fingers to my forefinger and thumb ,  keeping the same gentle pressure and speed as I slowly introduce spreading her lips apart. The closer I get to what I want her to experience the harder it bes for her, but I know she needs this. She needed this a long time ago. It’s as I drag my fingers up toward her sensitive nub that I slow down until I stop at the top, I slowly spread her lips until I can see the sensitive piece of flesh between my fingers. I duck my head down and in one quick motion, run my tongue over her clit. She startles badly but doesn’t fight. I think the fighting against this was trained painfully out of her a long time ago.

    “Please don’t bite me . ”

    I hear a desperate whisper escape from within her. A clue that I could finally work with.

    “There will be no pain, at all from here on Lilly. Lots of pressure but I promise no pain. I need you to focus on what you feel, baby.”

     I  speak quietly trying to reassure her of the rest of the venture we’re on. Once she rxes a little, I duck down into her again, gently using my tongue to flick her clit  as  my fingers hold her lips open.

    She manages this well until I introduce a single finger into her entrance. She stiffens badly at the new intrusion, a soft whimpering escapes from within her before she starts rxing again.

     I  can feel her pleasure through the bond as well as the link but her apprehension blocks her from fully enjoying it. I kiss on her thighs again  as  I gently rub the inside of her entrance ;  wanting her to rx before moving into the next part.

###Chapter 36

    After a minute or two, I shift my body on top of her again, using my legs to gently coax her legs into the open butterfly again. I wrap  my  arms around her as I slowly grind my hardness into her again. She’s not quite as rxed this time as she knows the second  time  I  do   this   falways  enter herpletely.

     I  slide slowly against her until my soldier is resting between her lips, gently rubbing against her clit. I push slowly towards her entrance pushing the head just enough inside for her to feel the stretch before pausing. She stiffens even more as I start my slow grind again. I’m  too  predictable but in the past that’s helped her tremendously.

    I slide my hands into hers pushing them gently into a position just beside her head as I gently take her mouth into mine. I start  my  kiss slow as I resume my rub. She squeezes down on my hands hard easily conveying the nervousness she’s always had with sex. After a minute of covering my shaft with her juices and, as if she’s a virgin, I have her distracted by my kiss, I slowly push my shaft towards her entrance.  With  slow but consistent pressure I push my thickness into her. She squeals ufortably as she struggles against my simple hold on her, I simply match my movements to hers until my length ispletely within her, pausing before going any further.

    “Breathe my darling.”

    I whisper in her ear trying to calm her fight. Her eyes are closed as Iy gentle kisses along the side of her face. I’m concentrating on my  bond  and link with her, trying desperately to find any hint of pain that I may be causing her.

    “Lilly, baby. I need you to focus. I need you to feel what’s happening to you right now and nothing else.”

    My face is against hers as  I  speak allowing me to feel her nod easily.

    “I’m feeling everything that you are feeling and no matter how I try I don’t feel any pain. Am I hurting you?”

    Her breathing has returned to normal and her movement has slowed.

    “No Demetri, you’re not hurting me.”

    She finally whispers back. I nuzzle into her neck taking in her intoxicating scent as I slowly start my short gentle movements inside her. I can feel every move I make using our locked links. She is indeed super sensitive this time.

    It doesn’t take me long to get a slow but consistent pace going. Sliding easily, gently, and with every few strokes pulling out a little further and pushing in a little deeper. This slower pace allows me tost longer spending as much time with her as I possibly can. She squeezes my hands hard and her breathing bes erratic as I develop a steady pace. It’s feeling really good to me so I maintain everything, pressure, speed, the length of the push and pull, everything. It’s only when I feel her fight renew that I slow again, breaking the building feeling we were both having. It’s when I look down at my love’s face that I realize she’s struggling.

    “Oh Lilly. It was feeling so good. What happened?”

    I whisper as Iy my body against hers again.

    “I’m sorry Demetri. It’s good. It really is. I just…. I just….”

    She’s struggling badly just to exin but it’s the link that tells me everything.

    “Shhh, Lily it’s okay.”

    “No Dem. After twenty years I still can’t do it. I can’t be with you the way you deserve .  I don’t know how.”

    “Look at me, Lil.”

    “No. I’m sorry. I just can’t do this.”

    She’s shaking her head as the tears fall down her face.  As  bad as this  makes  me feel I  now  know exactly what she  needs   and   she   will   get  it .   I   let   go  of her hands, making her even more lost then she already was. I slide my arms under her shoulders, taking her head  in  my hands. Iy my cheek against hers as she finally breaks down in sobs.

     I   know  as long as I stay inside her I’ll stay hard enough to start again. Werewolves have incredible stamina while working towards  orgasm   and  recovery time is very short. It’s not umon for the young ones to go three or four times in a night as long as they are tender  with   their  

    mates .  

    “You need this more than you know Lilly. It’s time to let go of your past dear. I took you away from Alpha Tanner twenty–four years  ago  but instead of healing you merely buried what he did to you. You need to trust mepletely Lilly. Let yourself have this release as I do believe  it  will help you process the difference. You’ve never allowed me to be with you when your cycles have merged. You’ve always been too sensitive to handle it and now I understand why. What you were feeling, that’s what sex is supposed to be. Overwhelmingly raw with indescribable sensations that you never get used to building in intensity until everything, your mind, body, and soul explodes with energy you didn’t know existed. It is absolutely beautiful and indescribably loving.”

    I start moving my hips again, pressing myself gently into her, holding that pressure several seconds before slowly drawing back slightly and doing it again. I know she’s feeling it again when she starts to whimper, shifting her body as if she wants to get away from it. This time I’m doing something different. I’m holding her tight while I move at a much slower pace. I’ve increased the pressure, driving myself deeper within her then I pull out. I’m still locked in a link with her and the sensations I’m receiving from her tells me that physically, she’s feeling  what   she  should be enjoying. Mentally she’s struggling immensely.

    I can hear her beg in her mind for me to stop. That she can’t handle it but I know she can. She’s just scared. I lean down and with a soft, approving hum capture her mouth in mine, maintaining the speed and pressure of what she feels inside her. She finally starts to rx with what she feels as I get my tongue in her mouth. She lets a gentle moan escape when  I  speed up slightly just to cut it off suddenly.

    ‘Don’t hold in what you feel darling. I want to hear you. Your voice is beautiful.‘

    She finally epts what she’s feeling and arches her pelvis into me. I can’t help but growl as I maintain my speed allowing her to match my moves easily. We have synced our movements creating absolute bliss for both of us as our release approaches. Our moans melt together, getting louder with each stroke until with a scream, Lilly meets her release. With her walls squeezing against me rhythmically I increase my force and speed allowing me to feel my slowly erging head within her signaling my owning release. Within seconds of her release, I meet my

    own .  

    Groaning and growling with each thrust into her until I finish with a final thrust deep into her pelvis. I maintain my pressure, keeping my head buried deep against her womb as the mating knot continues to establish. It’s as I get bigger within her that the difort of the tie triggers her memories, quickly losing the enjoyment of the moment to the nightmares of her past .  

###Chapter   37  

    It’s the frantic pushing against me from my luna that brings me quickly from my bliss to the hardened reality that I live. Sex has never been normal for my luna. She has refused from the moment she left Fire Moon pack to talk about what she went through there.

    It was two years after we moved her into the pack house that I was able to confirm what I already suspected, that she had indeed been sexually abused. You would have never noticed her strange behavior as it only urred around men. How quiet and timid she got when in a room full of men versus the friendly, happy youngdy she was in mixedpany.

    The worst was when she was alone with me. She was terrified. Visibly shaking the entire time she was alone with me yet as soon as I stood anywhere near her she was all over me. Kissing my lips, wrestling my tongue, grinding against my hardness beneath my jeans.

    I epted the make out sessions greedily as my father had suggested right from the beginning that he felt she had endured years of sexual training to prepare her for her mate but discouraged anything further until she was eighteen and she had an opportunity to get away from the abuse.

    Even with her being my mate I respected her and my father and I waited for the frantic way she needed to get into my pants to settle down. It was on her eighteenth birthday that dad finally announced that she was my mate, confirming the pack rumors going around as to the reason she was brought back from our trip to Fire Moon. That was also the day he announced the date for our uing mate’s union ceremony for next month’s full moon. This gave my mom and her omega helpers a month to prepare for the ceremony, while Lilly and I only had a month to move into a new house outside the pack house or to a couples apartment on the third floor.

    It’s after the mate’s union ceremony that the newly mated couples are expected toplete the mating bond, to mark one another while in the throws of hard, passionate sex. Marking one another seconds before you orgasm is supposed to enhance the sexual experience. Something Lily and I have never experienced.

    It was that night, while I was hanging out with her in her room that she told me a general idea of what happened to her. How her dad started kissing her like he kissed her step mom at six years old. How every time she wasmanded to take her clothes off he would hurt her; either punishing her harshly for refusing or the training itself hurt. Simply put, being naked in the same room as a male was always physically and mentally painful.

    It was the only time that I argued fervently with my father. I knew she wasn’t ready toplete the mating bond and I refused to force it on her after she told me what little bit she was willing to tell. It took days of arguing with him before he told me that Alpha Tanner admitted to abusing her and fully understood the situation I was in with Lilly.

    While he was steadfast on the ceremony happening, exining that because she was now eighteen it was necessary to mark her as mine. He also took the time to exin that it was eptable to hold off onpleting the bond as long as we marked each other. That sex was simply the easiest way to handle the marking and that the marking distracts from the pain of the first tie, as all woman, virgins or not, will have mild pain with the first several ties.

    I’ve always tried to avoid pinning her down ormanding submission from her since she’s never fully exined to me what happened and dad exined that the mostmon way to subject a child to such training was to subject them to both.

    It’s as her panic attack deepens that I realize how mentally sensitive she really is right now. She’s fighting with everything her five foot eight inch, 120 pound petite frame has but it’s only as she starts lifting herself off the bed trying to shove me off of her that she manages enough strength to pull herself away from me.


###Chapter   38  

    I’m horrified when I feel the mating knot move knowing that it’s more than fifty percentpleted. Her screams are deafening as the sharp seating pain of the knot tearing into her sensitive flesh hits her seconds after her desperate move. I grab her swinging fists at the wrists as L use my shear size and strength to force her back down, t on the bed.

    She is sobbing hard from the pain and absolutely frantic as she finally starts to speak.

    “I can’t do this, Demetri. I can’t handle the tie. Please, I can’t do this.”

    She continues her frantic cries trying to fight me but at six foot two inches and 250 pounds I easily overpower her, there’s nothing she can do.

    I take control of the situation quickly as I feel the excruciating pain and panic that Lilly is in. I’ve taken her hands and ced them together above her head holding them firmly with my left hand. As she still struggles in my grip I have no choice but tomand her.

    “Luna Lillian you will submit.”

    To my relief it calms her fight the rest of the way. I’ve nevermanded submission from her before and I was warned by my dad that doing so could result in a bad fight response instead of actual submission.

    Once her body haspletely given up all the fight she had I know that I can’t wait any longer to move the tie.

    “Lilly baby, I’m sorry but I’m in a really bad spot for this tie to keep going. I have to force it further in, where it was before.”

    “No Demetri! Please we need to separate. I can’t do this.”

    “I need your trust Lilly. Separating is not an option. The tie is nearlyplete and if I don’t move deeper into you this is going to be a potentially dangerous situation for you.”

    “I can’t Demetri. Please.”

    “Lilly, look at me.”

    I finallymand her attentionpletely. She stops moving and opens her eyes. She’s scared and in unbelievable pain that only I can reduce.

    “We’re going to mark. A brand new one on the opposite side of the original.”

    She gasps at the concept of a second mark but doing so will reduce the pain of breaking the tie loose allowing me to get it properly ced.

    Fortunately as a doctor I’ve been exposed to many mates that have encountered a simrly painful situation and know how to get us out of it. I shuffle my legs up to her bottom, spreading them slightly so that she’s forced into an ufortably wide position widening her pelvis. Iy over top of her body, bringing her hands down beside her head so she doesn’t feel quite so restrained. She seems grateful when I intece our fingers as she immediately grabs hold hard as I position myself for the rest of it. I get down as low against her as I can and whisper in her ear.

    “Trust me Lilly. Line up your canines for marking on my left side.”

    She lifts her head and does as I’ve instructed. I can feel her canines resting near the crook of my neck.

    “On three baby. You bite down and you bite hard. You keep your bite hard until the pain inside you dies down.”

    “Demetri?”

    “No Lilly. There’s no choice on this. One… two…. three”

    She does as she’s told, biting down hard on my cor bone as I ram my pelvis into her breaking the tie loose, digging my own canines into her at the same time. Her screams are stifled by her bite as she puts a death grip on both my hands. My hands move with hers as she fails her arms

    in response to the fight or flight instinct she’s trying to ovee,

    I release my canines first, gently licking and sealing the wound from any potential infection as her screams finally quiet to be reced by win. She releases her canines slowly as she’s struggling to fully function after the onught of pain the just endured. I keep my head low, fonderly caring for the bite I created with my tongue.

    “Let go of my hands sweetie.”

    She’s hesitant but lets me free. I immediately slide my hands under her, gently cradling her head in my hands as her hard she gradually quiet. I use my link with her to try and determine her pain level. It’s still high but not quite as had. I move my pelvis gingerly verifying that the fie waspleted and in the correct ce but doing so results in several frightened yelps from Lilly before she breaks down crying again.

    “It’s okay baby. Just checking where I’m at. I’m sorry this has been so rough on you. I had no intention to hurt you like this.

    She shakes her head hard as Iy gentle, chaste kisses along her neck and   jaw</i>.

    “I was a baby, Demetri.”

    She sobs lightly near my ear.

    “I was only three when the rogue raped and killed my mom, when he raped me. Six when dad started training me for my partner and ten when he found a way to simte the mating knot. I wasn’t ready. I was just a baby.”

    She breaks down again as I tighten my hold on her. I knew she had it bad but never dared to imagine this possibility with my luna.



###Chapter   39  

    (Content Warning)

    (Lilly’s story, Demetri’s POV)

    I shift my weight from one arm to the other trying to determine how painful rolling the two of us to our sides would be for her.

    “Lilly, I don’t think the roll is going to feel good to you but I think, considering my tie tends to be on the long side, being on our sides for the long haul would be better.”

    She nods her head silently. I know this is taking a bad toll on her when she gets quiet like this.

    “Wrap your legs around my waist, your arms around my back under my arms.”

    She does as I’ve exined, grabbing my shirt tightly in her hands.

    “Okay, baby. This is going to go fast. Do not bo

    back your pain. Let me know if it hurts.”

    She nods as she calms her breathing to better handle theing move.

    “Just hang on tight.”

    I feel her grip tighten around me as I start rocking even harder side to side, the further to each side I go the stronger her whimpers get.

    “Alright baby, one…, two…, three…”

    I wrap one arm around her as I use my free arm and both legs to roll us to our sides. As hard as she tries to stifle her screams theye out anyway. Her pain and anxiety has herpletely exhausted and I’m grateful for herck of fight this time. I wrap her tight in my arms, soothing any desire to fight as I gently shift my hand to her face. I run my hand gingerly along her temple as she sobs against my chest. It’s as her sobs slow enough for her to speak that she starts again.

    “I was three and a half when mom and I went to theke together, Dad was in a real foul mood that day and was taking it out on my brothers. It was one of our favorite ces to go to get away from everything and everyone. I remember smelling a real foul smell, like rotting meat. When I asked about it, mom said it was just a rogue and that they were allowed to cross our territory’s boundary to get a drink from theke and hunt for food as long as they stayed in wolf form.

    Since she wasn’t worried, I wasn’t. We sat by theke for a while when a dirty, shaggy wolf appeared. He smelled awful but mom simply kept an eye on him as I yed with the frogs. Next thing I remember is him changing. I had never seen a grown man naked before but I was shocked to see the elephant between his legs. Even though I know now what it is I still can’t describe it as anything else. It was as he started running towards us that mom grabbed me and ran. She fell several times before she shoved me up a tree. She told me to climb down and run home for help once he followed her away from me. But I was too scared to figure out how to do either.

    I tried linking with dad but he kept saying he was in a meeting and blocking me out so I got my oldest brother Jacob, he was sixteen at the time. He dropped everything, locked his link and started looking for us. He was several miles away on the training grounds which was too far.

    The rogue attacked and raped mom before settling his sites on me. He had seen the tree mom left me in and I guess he knew I was too high because he came looking for me. He climbed the tree enough to shake the branch I was clinging to. I fell to the ground hard but managed to get up and run. I didn’t get far before he grabbed my leg, swung me around and cracked the middle of my back against a tree. I don’t remember

    much after that.

    1

    I remember the pain my back was in and him dragging me through the woods by my foot to where he left my mom. I was wearing a dress that got all torn while he dragged me on the ground so all he really had to do was take my underwear. I was screaming and crying when he spread my legs open and got on top of me but I didn’t understand what he was doing and I didn’t feel anything outside of the pain my back was in. He ended up hitting me several times with a rock to stop my screaming.
###Chapter   40  

    I woke up in the hospital a weekter in Jacob’s arms. He was sleeping in the hospital bed with me. I remember being in pain but snuggling into his warmth and smell made it easier to handle. When he woke up, he was so gentle and kind. Doing everything he could tofort me.. Just like you, Demetri.”

    I look into Lilly’s tear filled eyes as I continue my ginger touches along different parts of arousing.

    of her body, keeping it modest so it’sforting instead

    “He exined the best he could that mom died before I woke up and that the rogue damaged my back in such a way that I couldn’t walk. He mentioned that the rogue raped both of us but I was too young to understand. He said that the rogue was on top of me when he got there. That he fought with and killed him before dad ever got there.

    Dad was pissed at Jacob when he grabbed me up off the ground and ran me to the hospital, leaving him and my brothers to get mom help. Jacob told me that he gave me blood and refused to leave when Dad, David and Donald were concentrating on my mom despite all of them being told she wasn’t going to make it.

    Dad even gave him permission to make decisions on my medical care. He agreed to an open checkbook but Jacob made the calls. Jacob moved into the hospital with me. He was the one to hold me during the painful cell regeneration therapy on my back. He was the one to go through the pain of having spinal cells removed from him to be duplicated in theb for use in that therapy. He bathed me, changed my diaper, and

    held me during those long nights that I wept for my mother.


    He became the father my dad couldn’t bring himself to be. I never saw my father until I left the hospital six monthster.  I  was in a wheelchair because I still couldn’t walk but at least therapy had been a sess in mending my broken spine.

    Jacob continued to care for me once we got home. He taught me to walk, use the bathroom and how to dress myself again. After nine months of being inseparable my father got angry with the amount of time he was spending with me. They got into a huge fight. I only saw part of it as I ran away after seeing dad m Jacob’s face into the coffee table. The next night he was gone. I only saw him two more times after that.

    It was three months after he left, on the one year anniversary of our attack, that dad came while I was crying after waking from a nightmare. For the first time in a year he tried to soothe my broken soul. He exined that Jacob left because he found his Luna and she had no male siblings to take on the Alpha role so Jacob moved into that pack, fourteen hours away, to be the alpha of the Red Star pack.

    He starteding at the same time every night, rubbing my back and talking calmly to me. I was five when he started pushing my nightgown up to my arms and rubbing my chest and belly. It didn’t hurt so I didn’t think anything of it. The first time I thought something was off was when my dad spread my legs open and started rubbing the front of my underwear. I whined when he did it ,  pulled my gown down and closed my legs. At first he was gentle with his chastising. He tapped my nose to get my attention and told me he was simply continuing the therapy that Jacob started with me. In order to properly use the bathroom he had to make sure I could feel everything properly.

###Chapter 41

    (Content Warning)

    He put a blind fold on me and told me that as long as I didn’t fight his therapy that it would feel good to me. I let him undress me andid down on the bed. I didn’t understand it then but I know now that was the first time he gave me oral sex and put his fingers inside me. I cried when he put his fingers in me. He didn’t stop but he didn’t punish me either. He did a variety of different things, touching me, licking me, putting his fingers inside me every time he came into my room at night until I was six. That’s the first time he came in my room on a Saturday morning and exined to me that because I turned six that week I was a big girl and needed to start preparing for how to please my mate.

    He started kissing my mouth. I was ok with that until he started licking my lips. I thought it was nasty and told him so. He got up and left the rooming back a few minutester with my stepmom Alice and arge leather belt. He had never spanked me before but I was scared nheless. He looked me in the eyes and told me that I wasn’t allowed to refuse his training. That with my injury it was necessary to ept anything that my Alpha mate wanted me to do to him. That I needed to be able to please him and if I didn’t I would be punished with a spanking.

    I refused dad’s kiss so my punishment was ten hits. 1 refused to take my clothes off so thepromise Alice came up with once she had me pinned to the bed was to put all his strength into fifteen hits with my clothes on. He did ten hits as hard as he could with my clothes but I wasn’t screaming loud enough. So he pulled my dress up for Alice to hold and removed my underwear. He spread my legs wide before putting finger inside me marking me squirm and cry, telling him no. I didn’t want it. That it didn’t feel good. That’s when he stood up and put fifteen more hits on my bare bottom. That’s what my Saturdays became until I turned ten years old. I learned his rules quickly. If I whined, cried, told him no, told him it hurt, to stop or I didn’t like it then he would strip me of my clothes from the waist down and hit me fifteen times with the

    belt.

    It was the Saturday after my tenth birthday that he told me that it was time for me to understand what sex with an alpha felt like. That when mated to my fated mate that I would encounter the mating knot and that the knot always hurt. There’s no way around it. That even my fated mate would be as ruthless in bed as he was in battle and that he wouldn’t tolerate me crying over the pain it caused.

    His job as my father was to expose me to such pain and teach me to deal with it. I was horrified by what he said. I had no idea what was in store for me. I was instructed to take off all my clothes, and to make it easier on me, he put a blindfold on me and tied me to the bed. He climbed on top of me and started with what I knew but also added things that were new.

    By that time I was used to both giving and receiving oral. So that was nothing. After about an hour  of  going through everything he’d taught me he took, what I now know is a dildo, and he started rubbing me with it before assaulting me with it. It didn’t phase him when I screamed in pain. He untied me after he was done, had me roll on to my stomach and hang my legs over the edge of the bed, the way he always spanked me for crying. He made thement about me crying and I knew there was punishment for that as no one wants a whining luna. Then he took the belt and hit me twenty times.

    It continued that way until I was thirteen. That was when things changed again. On my birthday he came into my room at night. He took my nket, pushed my nightgown up while pushing my underwear down. He whispered in my ear that it was time to finish my training. That I needed to be ready to give myself to my mate anytime he wanted me. Starting that night I was to sleep without underwear unless I was on my human cycle.

    That’s when I started missing school. The pain was so bad after his assaults that I couldn’t sleep right. He told me that alphas are primal and will only be interested in having sex like animals do, that I had to staypletely still and silent unless instructed to do something. If I made any sound he would hit me with the belt. He starteding every night after that and twice Saturday and Sunday. I came into my first heat cycle when I was fourteen, so it changed again. He told me that a heat cycle without your fated mate is very painful. That you need someone to prate you sexually every day, multiple times a day for the entire three weeks that your wolf is in heat to reduce the pain. His new instructions the day he smelled my heat was to stay in my room, in my nightgown without underwear all day. That when he came and knocked on my door I was to stop whatever I was doing, climb into my bed, and assume the primal position before he opened the door. That very first time he knocked I was scared but my will to fight had been beaten out of me several years previous.

    This time he used something that I didn’t recognize. It feltpletely different and it hurt me badly. He held me differently while using it, made differentments and sounds. The movement he used would get faster and harder over time before he would freeze up and groan. ”   She  goes silent as if she’s suddenly aware of something she didn’t realize before. I see the panic in her eyes before it ever reaches her voice.  “ I’m so sorry Demetri. I’m sorry I lied. I can’t believe I didn’t realize. I’m so sorry. You need to punish me. I deserve to be beat. I am a whore. Just like he’s always told me. I don’t deserve to be with you.” She breaks down into frantic, uncontroble sobs into my arms as I try to process  the  revtion she just encountered.


###Chapter   42  

    I’m inplete shock as my Lillian fallspletely apart. I have no concept of what she feels she’s lied about let alone  why  she’s now  begging  me to punish her. I do know that I got to get her back before she goes into another major panic attack.

    “Lilly baby, please calm down. I need your help to understand what just happened. Please baby. What do you think you lied to me about ?  ”  

    “I told you he didn’t rape me. I swore to you that wasn’t part of his training. How could I have missed it?”

    “Lilly, look at me.”

    I know she hears the desperation in my voice and sees the concern in my eyes when she finally makes eye contact with me. She has tears in her eyes falling slowly as shees back to me. I move my hand from her back to her face, moving slowly as I don’t know what her current mental state has done to her trust towards me. I’m grateful when she shows no fear.

    “Do you think he raped you, Lilly?”

    “I don’t know.” She whispers quietly. “Thest time I felt it was the morning  I  met you. I was never able to figure out what it was but the clues lead me to believe that it was him inside me. I just don’t know though.”

    “You haven’t felt it sinceing here?”

    I repeat back trying to think of all the things I had done with her to build her up to actual sex with her. It suddenly dawns on me the one thing that I’ve never done with her.

    “Lilly there is something  I  can try that I think may help you figure out if it was him or not. I really don’t encourage it as I do believe it will hurt you physically and mentally to do it but if you truly need to know.”

    She’s nodding her head yes and I’m in absolute shock.

    “Lilly, this is going to tear you up worse than you already are. Are you certain? It’s just a guess on the difference as there’s only one thing I can think of that I have never used with you.”

    She nods her head again as she speaks.

    “If there is something you can think of that would make him raping me feelpletely different then sex with you than yes, I want to experiment. I need to know if he raped me. He always insisted on me facing away from him. The primal position, as he called it, and he always put a blindfold over my eyes so I couldn’t see. I got beat anytime I tried to remove it. When ever I came into heat he insisted on simting sex up to ten times a day. He insisted that was the only way to control the pain of the heat cycle. I had no choice but to be his whore.”

    I kiss her fiercely before looking her in the eyes.

    “You are not a whore. I don’t ever want to hear you say that about yourself again. Now, the knot has loosened enough for me to get up. I’m going to wash my hands and get you some Ativan and Vicodin. I need you to think about this experiment I vaguely suggested and if you still want to do it.  Is  the answer that important to you? He’s already done more to you then I have and for a longer period of time. Will this answer change anything for you? Because it changes nothing for me .  ”  

    I kiss her lightly before running my tongue gently along her mouth. I grab her hands in mine  as   I  slowly draw my thickness from within her. She yelps hard twice, squeezing my hands tightly as she does. While in the bathroom cleaning up I break my link with Lilly to contact  Ang .

    ‘Are you  busy  ?  I need help with Lilly.‘

    ‘No sir. What’s going on ?  ‘  

    ‘It’s a long story. I’ll fill you in after one more thing but I need you to bring the medication that you use to seal tears. She  had   a   major   panic  attack during the tie and she has at least one really bad  tear  inside her.  It’s  too hard for her to handle right now  for  me  to   give   the   medication   to  her .  ‘  

    ‘ I   can  stop over in ten minutes .  ‘  

    ‘Thank you. We’re in my office.‘

    I end the link as I head out to Lilly. She’s sitting up now but looks terrible.

     “  Take   these . They will help with the anxiety and pain you’re in right now.”

###Chapter   43  

     She  takes the pills and the water as she looks at my still hard soldier standing at attention.

    “Do you think he raped me Demetri?”

    She asks quietly as she swallows the two pills down.

    “Based on what you remember feeling and the standard way that sex training is used, I would find it difficult to believe that you weren’t. I have always believed that you had it worse than you let on. That’s why I’ve always moved so slowly with you.”

    “Do you think you know what he did to me when I was in heat? That you can duplicate it?”

    “I have a bad feeling that I know the difference you’re looking for.”

    I nod my head as I look at her.

     “ Will your experiment answer if he raped me or not?”

    “I believe it will if you really need to know.”

    “I need to know Demetri. I need to know what thatst thing was he put in me before you took me away.”

    “It’s going to hurt you, Lilly.” I whisper desperately hoping she will change her mind. “You have already told me so much that I didn’t know and it exins so many things we struggle with. I don’t understand why thisst thing is so important.”

    “I don’t expect you to understand, Demetri. But if you think you know what thatst thing was and if thatst thing was rape then I need to know. I need to feel and confirm what happened to me.”

    I look into her eyes and see the sincerity, the need for this horrid answer. I finally nod my head before wrapping my arms around her.

    “Please do this for me, Demetri.”

    I take a deep breath before ultimately agreeing.

    “It won’t be exactly the same as I refuse to hurt you with what I think he did but I will give you enough for you to figure it out. I have entered you from behind before but I’m going to change one thing about it since you said that you haven’t felt the same thing sinceing here. I’ll exin what it is I’ve changed after you figure out if it’s the same feeling as back then. No matter how gentle I do this, entering you from behind right now is going to hurt but it’s the only way to figure out if that’s the way he was raping you.”

    She nods as she gingerly starts moving around.

    “Get into the position you remember being in back when it happened to you. I’m going to use the bathroom first.”

    She nods with a stoic face as I walk to the bathroom. I don’t want to do this and what little psychological training I had as a doctor instinctually tells me this is a bad idea but I feel I know the answer she’s looking for. Question is will it bring her any closer to the closure she has denied herself for over twenty years. Will this answer be what she needs to finally start processing what happened to her? Will this finally allow her to ept the truths that I give her versus the half truths and straight lies he fed her to make herply?

    never used on

    My thoughts are racing as I open my bathroom cab with the door to the bathroom shut. I don’t want to give her  any  clues as to my current thoughts on what he did even though it sounds like he came into the room already wearing it. I easily find the one thing I Lilly but started stocking in my cab recently since both my sons are old enough to have sex.

    I pull out the box from the cab and open it up, removing one of the little square packs from inside. It’s been over twenty years  since   I’ve  put a condom on but that is the one thing I adamantly refused to use when I was with Lilly.

     She   is  my mate, there was never any reason to. I open it quickly and  give   my  thickness  a   few  quick hard rubs before  rolling   it   on  .   Female  

    wolves are extremely sensitive to touch, especially during sex so it would not surprise me in the least if such a simple  thing  as a condom wouldpletely change the way I feel inside her. The question that remains is if this will make me feel like whatever it was her father was  putting  inside her thosest two years she was with him.


     ###Chapter   44  

    I walk quietly out of the bathroom, my thick shaft twitching at the sight of my mateying still, with her front half down on top  of  three pillows, hugging them tightly with her beautiful round ass sticking up in the air. Her intoxicating scent is marred with the bitter stench  of  fear. and pain.

    “Lilly?” I question quietly as I will not proceed if she’s sleeping.

    “I’m okay, Demetri.”

    She whispers. I know it’s a lie. There’s no way she’s ok right now. I kneel on the end of the bed, gently rubbing my hands along her back, ass and legs.

    “Are you certain this is what you want? What you need?”

    “Yes. Please be gentle.”

    “Always my love. Never anything else.”

    I run my hands gently down her thighs before using gentle pressure to widen them. I run my palm gently against her mound before using my middle finger to rub ginger circles around her clit. I bring my hand back towards her rear using my fingers to gently expose her entrance.

    “Stay still, my love. Let me do the work. Rushing this will make the pain worse.”

    I use my other hand to gently push my tip into her, using my weight to slowly advance my length into her depth. Her body starts shaking as  I  get deeper within her ,  only stopping when only about an inch is left to go.

    “I need you to move. He always moved the items  is  such a way to simte sex. I can’t tell without you doing the same.”

    I can tell by her voice that she’s trying not to cry. I lock into her link again as I start to slowly push and pull my length inside her. I’m only moving a fraction of me right now as anything more would be excruciating to her.

    “Lilly,”  I  speak softly as  I  continue my slow gentle strokes.

    “I need you to tell me what you need. I will not change the speed or force but I can give you more length if you think it will help.”

     I  can tell she’s concentrating hard, trying to figure this out.

    “I need more.”

    I sigh hard as I lengthen my strokes causing her to yelp and whimper. I wrap my arm around her thighs pulling her back so hers are touching mine. She goes silent as I maintain my motion. I know without a doubt this is it. I slow my motion to aplete stop  as  she struggles to breathe.

    “Breathe Lilly.” I gently rub her back as her shaking gets worse.

    “Move with me baby. This is done.”

    My tone is gentle yet concerned as guide her off of me while also pulling out. I gently pick her up in my arms, as her body is now bpletely  stiff, andy her on her side. I silently hold her from behind, kneeling beside the bed as she slowly breaks down from the  reality   of   her   past .

    I wait until her sobs are quiet to let go of her.

    “ I’ve  got to go unlock the door for Ang to get in, Lilly. I’m not going far.”

    I whisper as Iy a gentle kiss upon her temple. This is turning out to be one hell of a day as I cover her naked body with  a   sheet  .   I  walk  over  

     to  my pants and pick my boxers up, taking them with me as I leave the bedroom and enter the  main  office. I draw the door to the Bedrooms mostly closed just as I hear a light knock at the door.

     “ Who is it?”

    I call, as the only person I’m letting in while I’m still naked is Ang.

    “Ang.”

    She calls from the other side. I unlock the door and open it slightly to let here in. I lost my modesty with Ang a long time  ago  .   Seeing  

    e door again. She looks upon my slowly deting shaft before looking back to me. the state I’m in she steps in quickly, closes and locks the

    “I didn’t think you used those anymore. ”  

    “I don’t” I sigh as I roll the condom off and  toss  it in the  trash . “And I won’t be ever

    I step quickly into my boxers before sitting in my chair behind my desk.

    “You seem to be having a really hard time for a man who just got tied.”

    again.”

    I look at her briefly before ducking my head between my hands. I know she’s trying to be light but I’m struggling to process everything  that  has happened all before noon today.

###Chapter     45  

    “Demetri.” She ces her hand on mine drawing my attention to her. “What happened?”

    “She sought me out. Begged me to tie her. Seeing Cole’s chest stirred up really bad, old memories. I needed the release too, so I obliged our desire. Only, she panicked when the tie was establishing and tried to rip it out of herself. But something about it was enough that she finally told me what happened to her. Her mother was beaten and raped by a rogue when she was three and a half. She died a weekter. Same rogue, same day paralyzed her by mming her back into a tree before raping her beside her mother. Her father abandoned her for a year after it happened, her brother Jacob took care of her until he was chased off nine monthster.

    She was four and a half when he starteding at night andforting her by rubbing her back or belly. Five when he started giving her oral sex and fingering her. She was  six  when he told her that it was necessary to train her how to please her mate sexually, ten when he started prating and simting sex and the tie with a dildo. She was thirteen when prating her from behind with arger dildo with arger and longer tie became the expectation which set him up for raping her the first time she came in heat. He put a blindfold on her and prated her from behind.”

    “I don’t understand Demetri. What does any of that have to do with using a condom?”

    I look straight into Ang’s eyes as I speak, shamecing my voice.

    “She wasn’t certain if he had raped her or not. She exined to me that the first–time she  was  in heat he put something she had never felt before and hadn’t felt since leaving, inside of her. She was very familiar with the feel of the vinyl dildos that he used to simte the tie as well as, obviously, his tongue and finger. When she was in heat he changed everything she was used to. The way he held her while simting the sex, the way he sounded, the way it felt inside her and the way it left without tying to her when he’s been preparing her for the tie for over four years. I guess she finally realized what it could be but she still wasn’t certain. So I ended up thinking out loud that I thought I knew what the difference was and she was interested in the experiment. I indulged her against my better judgment and I ended up being correct.”

    “What was it?”

    “He started raping her multiple times a day every day since she was fourteen using

     a  

    condom.”

    I pause as I make the statement out loud. Hearing myself say it seems to make it that much more factual than when it was simply in my head.

    “What makes you think that?”

    “The one thing I have never used with Lilly is a condom. I abstained from sexpletely for the first three years after we found her. I only started with some of the smaller easier things after the mate’s union ceremony. It was after three months of her talking about wanting a pup and she came into heat that we had sex the first time. It was  a  year after the ceremony. I don’t remember what I did but the way she reacted a few minutes ago was the same way I had found her once  I  gained control again that first night. I felt so bad, convinced myself that I must have raped her, that we didn’t have sex again until she wanted another pup. While we are very close, Ang, we don’t have the intimacy level of most wolves. Most have sex three to six times a day when not in heat and we manage that, maybe, in a month.”

    “So you’re saying that when you put the condom on it reminded her of what she felt with this mystery object.”

    “Sort of. I had her get on all fours the way he insisted on doing his simtion after she turned thirteen. I put the condom on in the bathroom since she didn’t recount the sound of foil tearing and walked into the room with her ready to prate. I went in from behind, used slow and short strokes but it wasn’t until I pulled her against my legs that she remembered.”

    My voice  is  cracking as I recall everything I just learned about my precious mate. I can’t keep the tears at bay any longer.

###Chapter     46  

    “She begged me to punish her when she realized she may have been raped. She’s told me for years that she wasn’t but I knew better. She begged to be punished because she thinks she lied to me. She thinks that she’s a whore, Ang. That she asked for this to happen to her. That somehow she wanted it.”

    It’s at that moment that I find myself falling apart. It only takes Ang a moment toe around to the back of my desk and push me  up  off it. The only female best friend that I’ve kept close to me, dly epting her permanently into my pack three years ago, she wraps her arms around my neck. I graciously ept herfort as I try to figure out my next steps for Lilly. Ang runs her hand through my hair as I calm myself.

    “I need to take a look, get medication on the tears so it knits together properly and reduces the pain she’s in.”

    I nod quietly as I look into the tray she brought. It looks to contain everything for a standard gyno exam with the addition of two syringes with medication. I look back at Ang, I trust her with Lilly but I’m hesitant as Lilly can’t handle that type of exam, neither physically or mentally.

    “It’s not going to be as difficult for her as you think.”

    I nod my head as I pull myself from Ang’s hug.

    “She was rtively calm when I stepped out here. I think thebination of Ativan and Vicodin has finally kicked in.”

    I lift myself from the chair and head into the bedroom quietly with Angie close behind. I kneel down on the floor beside Lilly gently brushing her hair to the side.

    “Lilly baby, Ang’s here. I need to get you on your back  so  she can help you.”

    She stirs with a light whine before rolling to her back. She opens her eyes and looks at me tearfully.

    “I’m sorry Demetri. I’m so sorry I lied. I’m….”

    I interrupt her with a soft but passionate kiss before backing off. I look into her eyes running my fingers through her hair as I speak, my own tears falling slowly.

    “This both changes everything yet nothing Lilly. You are my mate, my luna. You did not want nor did you ask for any of this to happen to you. It is in no way your fault. I love you and that will never change,”

    I wrap my arms around her tightly as she cries. She yelps suddenly and  I  feel her legs draw up against me.

    Lilly, it’s Ang. She needs to look baby, it’s okay.”

     I  can feel her tension and hesitation with the exam. I can’t say that I would want it either but I know it’s a necessity. I lean down to her ear, covering her chest and abdomen with mine.

    “I understand your hesitation Lilly. I know you’ve got to be in a lot of pain right now and having anything done in that area is difficult but you know Angie. She’s going to be very gentle with you. Rx your legs into a butterfly honey. I’m going to be right here with you the whole time.”

    I reach behind me and gently rub her thigh gradually working my way to the inside. To my relief, she rxes with my touch and I’m able to guide her into a good position for Ang to check on her.

    “Have you ever had a bad tie, Lilly? Rx with my touch. I always start with a small catheter that allows me to numb the inside .  ”  

    “No” Lilly manages to yelp as Ang starts on her.

    “I’m sorry Lilly. I promise this is the hardest part. Grab tight to Demetri’s shirt. Let him hold you close. It’s going to get  really   cold  in a minute. It tends to be ufortable for a few minutes but it does go away usually by the time I finish the exam.”

    We do as Ang encourages and hold each other tightly. I adjust my body so that the new mark she gave me is closest to her nose  as  the mix of our scents will be strongest at the location. For mates, that mix has a euphoric effect that reduces pain and anxiety.

    She startles and yelps hard a minuteter but handles everything else with only some soft whimpers. I’m grateful when even those die  off .  By  

    my arms. the time Ang is done, Lilly has fallen asleep in
###Chapter   47  

    “I know she’s already asleep but with everything she’s been through this morning I think a little bit of Valium would help  her   both  mentally and physically.”

    She holds her hand out with a small syringe in her palm.

    “It’s up to you.”

    “I don’t want to drug her down too much right now and I don’t like the idea of giving her a shot while she’s sleeping. What did you  find  ?:  

    “She does have a decent tear, so I’m d I went the route I did as it was far less painful and quicker. It’s about two inches long but  it was  responding nicely to the after tie medication before I cleaned everything up. I’lle up to your room around nine tonight with the second dose and walk you through giving it to her. If you have Valium in pill form I would rmend her to take that around 8:30 as the second dose still tends to be a bit painful.”

    “Thank you, Ang.”

    She gives me a smile as I pull her into a hug.

    “I’m going to head over to the medical wing.  I’ve   got  a physical toplete at 11:30 before  I   can  check on Cole. ”  

    “I’ll be headed over to Cole once I leave here. Then I’m going to have lunch with all of the trainers .  ”  

    She gives me a final nod before leaving the room.

    I make my way back to Lilly,ying on the bed with her. I pull her closer to me. She whimpers at first until I touch her face  and  speak to her.

    “Lilly, I wish I could stay with you. All I want is to hold you tight and never let go.”

    She opens her eyes and looks into mine. Her normally stunning blue eyes are dull, filled with sadness and worry .  

    “The only thing today changes is how I help you deal with your past. I certainly won’t ever wear a condom with you again.”

    I stifle a smallugh but at least earn a smile from her.

    “Was that what you changed? Is that why you suddenly felt like him?”

    “Yes Lilly. All I did was put on a condom and pull you back so your thighs were leaning against mine. I felt you change as soon as  I  pulled you back. That’s why I stopped. I knew it triggered the memories. I’m sorry Lilly.  I  should have never done that to you.”

    “Don’t be. I needed to finally know.”

    “Why did you wait so long to tell me?”

    “I was convinced of a lot of things when he was training me. A lot of them I still struggle not to believe. He would always tell me that the luna of a pack had to be pure but that no alpha wants a luna that doesn’t know how to please him. That telling anyone what he did to me would make me a whore in your eyes and worthy of rejection.”

    I take a deep breath trying to process everything.

    “How did seeing Cole’s injuries to his chest trigger your memories? What made you change your mind  about   talking   aout   it  ?  ”  

    “There was a period of time when he spanked me while I was still tied to the bed. It created cuts and bruises  all  over  my   chest   and   belly  .   Much  like what I saw on him today. The tenderness  I  saw with how youforted him and reassured him ,   a  bplete   stranger   that   you   just   met  reminded me of how you treated me early in our rtionship. How you fought with your father over bpleting   the   mate’s   union   ceremony  

    because you knew I wasn’t ready for sex. How patiently you waited for me to be ready and how you have let  go  of your own sexual  desires   to  keep mefortable. I should have told you sooner. Maybe I could have learned to like  sex  after all that’s  happened  to me

     She  yelps  as  I suddenly straddle her ,  sliding my hands under her and lowering my body down against her.

    “You enjoy it more than you allow yourself to know and I have every intention of slowly ,  gently teaching you how. You deserve to  feel   it   as   it  should be without the fear and anxiety you’vee to know. I love you and I won’t give up on making you happy.”

    I capture her lips gently in mine. I can tell how tired she is by how hard it is for her to keep catch our breath. I gently rub the back of her head when she tries to resume the  kiss  again.

    “It’s okay to sleep, Lilly. I’ll be backter. Are you in any pain?” up. 
    I lean my head upon her forehead as we both

    She shakes her head as her eyes start to droop again. I slide off her  so  that I’m  face  to face with her again, gently stroking her  temple   as   she  falls asleep.
###Chapter   48  

    I  make  my way back to the medical wing as I promised Cole I would check on him before lunch. This time I’ve brought my own stethoscope from my office so I’m not borrowing someone else’s.

    I open the door quietly not wanting to startle the young man and step inside. I startle lightly as another hand I wasn’t expecting is keeping me from shutting it.

    “Damian, I wasn’t expecting you toe until after lunch.”

     I  watch my son shrug his shoulders as he joins me in the room.

    “I know it’s my first time training the prospects on my own but damn this Red Fang pack has a bunch of bickering cry babies. Most of them haven’t stoppedining since breakfast. It’s either bitching about Cole being the alpha’s favorite or how unfair their punishment is. I’m ready to send the whole lot of them home.”

    I can’t help but smile and stifle a smallugh. My experience with Red Fang has left asting impression on me. Overall ,  they tend to be bzy  .  The only reason why the two surrounding packs, White Fang and White Moon have allied themselves with Red Fang is because of numbers. Red Fang is massive where White Fang and White Moon are a split pack ruled by brothers. To my knowledge, Red Fang doesn’t have a formal training program for the warriors that guard their borders, the three packs coborate on what each pack needs and agree upon a single training program for all of them. Based on the argument I heardst night it sounds as if another bordering  pack  has allied with them recently.

    As we get further into the room it’s easy to tell that Cole is still struggling. The young man is still heavily sedated but that doesn’t keep him from fighting. He’s whimpering loudly as he thrashes around fighting off some invisible assant. The nket we had  on  him is on the floor along with one of the pillows and his oxygen has been knockedpletely off his face. The heart monitor is going  crazy  making me wonder how long he’s been like this without Ang or I getting an alert on our phones.

    I quicken my pace getting over to him, hopping up on the end of the bed near his feet. He immediately reacts to my presence as it’s hard to stifle my alpha aura during situations that require quick thinking and acting.

    His movements stiffen to the point that he’s barely moving, his hands are wing at the sheet. He’s trying to stifle his whimpers and crying but they are still easily heard.

    Damian stops in front of Cole. It’s his first time seeing the young man’s chest. I can’t me him for his shocked expression and inability to move. The angry red cuts mix with the ck and blue bruises along his chest and it’s hard to see where a patch of normal looking skin resides on his abdomen.

    I grab hold of his hands as Cole’s fight suddenly renews. I’m on my hands and knees  over  top of him gently using my weight to still his movements before using my voice to soothe the frightened young man.

     “ Cole, I need you to wake up.”

    My voice is rtively gentle considering themanding tone I must use to reach him.

    “Cole, I need you to wake up. It’s just a bad dream. You’re in the medical wing at Crimson Dawn. No one is hurting you here. ”  

    He stills his fightpletely but he’s still whining hard on top of his wheezing. I move one hand to the back of his head ,  the  base  of  my   palm  barely touching his neck and start a gentle rhythmic rub while his legs are pinned beneath me and his hands are held still by m him gently pull his hands but my grip is firm and keeps them still. He tries his legs as well ,  getting the same  results  .   His   breathi . he continues trying to free his hands. I can feel his panic growing as my grip remains firm.

    “Cole, I will let you go as soon as you show me control. I’m not hurting you. Listen to my voice, it will tell you who I am . ”

    an feel

    ckens as

    The young man continues to fight against my grip. I know why he would panic if he was tied but I restrained him earlier and he managed a lot

    better than this.

    “Cole” I try again to capture his attention but it again falls onto panicked ears.

     “ Please… no…. tie….,  please … let… go….”
###Chapter   49  

    He’s increasing his struggle as he whimpers and whines. Damian is confused and horrified as to how quickly Cole has changed. I know  I   have   to  gain control but I’m trying hard not to submit Cole out.

    “I need you to listen to my voice, Cole. I know you don’t trust me but I need you to at least realize where you’re at and that everything is different here. You’re not tied down and you’re not going to be but I need control Cole. Otherwise you’re going to hurt yourself”

    “I’m…. sorry…. alpha….. …..can’t….. do….. this…. please….. …..need….. a….. cath…. they…. always….. hurt….

    “Is that why you’re so upset? You think I’m restraining you so we can cath you?”

    “Can’t…. make….. it to….. bathroom…. hurts….. bad….. to hold”

    “I understand what you need Cole but I need you calm so I know you’re not going to hurt yourself. Rx with me.”

    He slows his pulling of his hands and legs until they are still but he doesn’t rx.

    “That’s better Cole. I need you to concentrate on my touch. What do you feel ?  ”  

    He starts moving his head around but unlike previous times that I’ve rubbed his head, his anxiety spikes instead of rxes.

    “No….. please…… No…. trouble….. I’m….. sorry…..”

    What he says confuses me as does his sudden strength in fighting me. He pulls his hands from mine with incredible strength considering his condition before rolling onto his stomach.

    He’s gone into a desperate state of fight or flight triggering a partial shift as his ws dig into the bed trying to pull himself out from under me. Damian remains frozen in ce as the young man tears multiple holes in the sheet and mattress in his crazed attempt to get away from me. It doesn’t take long to realize I have to do what I was trying to avoid with such a scared he–wolf.

    I ce my hand fully on his neck preparing to submit him out when he gets even worse. His screams echo loudly around the room causing Damian and I both to cringe at the sound. Our only savior at the moment is that the room is soundproof, all the rooms in the medical wing are. I have never had such a terrifying response to a hard submission grab let alone a partial.

    I immediately change my tactics and grab ahold of his wing hands. I use my weight and height to my advantage to slow his movements and in a calm butmanding voice I make mymand.

    “Alpha Cole Jonathan Redmen you will submit.”

    He whines loudly as he’s obviously torn with themand. He knows that he’s to follow a directmand from any pack’s lead alpha but it seems as if he feels it’s putting him in an even greater vulnerability than he already is.

    “I’m…. sorry….. alpha….. please….. don’t…. hurt….. me….”

    I freeze briefly as I listen to the young man’s pleas, horrified at such a dramatic response towards submission.

    “Cole, I need you to rx. It’s important that you submit. Fighting me is putting you in a very dangerous situation.”

    He’s squeezing my hands hard and I can feel his entire body shake beneath me.

    “Alpha…. please…. no sub…. mission….. please….. don’t…. hurt…. me.”

    I swallow hard, keeping emotions in check and running the pack with a level head are critical traits for every alpha and this young  he – wolf   is  challenging both of those as he copses. Finally giving up his fight as his body shakes hard with his sobs,

    “I need you to move with me Cole, I’m not going to hurt you. Damian, I need your help getting him back  on   his  side.

    I see a mix of emotions in Damian’s eyes as he silently nods. I work my way off of Cole while maintaining a hold  on  his hands,

    “I need to get you on your side so 1 can help you with your bathroom issue. I promise, as long as you can push it out  I   don’t  need  to  cath you

    “I…. can’t….. push….. it hurts.”

    Damian and I finish rolling him to his side just as Ang walks in. She immediately goes to the cab and starts pulling  out   everything  n? use for a catheter.

    “We told him that we wouldn’t until we had to.”

    “That was before my second phone call to Dr. Carter where I challenged him on why they restrain Cole sp harshly when he’s really  sweet  and the reason behind the cath and feeding tube. His experience with Cole has shown him that his body shuts down making  it  difficult  for   him   to  do everyday functions.”

    “Bring the urinal container with you. I’m giving him a chance before we cath him. Damian ,  help me get his pants off.”
###Chapter   50  

    We work together tugging and pulling to remove his pants while leaving him decent, d in just his boxers. I make my way to the young  man’s  head. I wrap my arm around his chest as I start to speak near his ear.

    “I want you to try. I don’t want to cath you unless it’s absolutely necessary,”

    “Can you…. help me…. sit up?”

    “Absolutely. If that’s what you think will help.”

    “Has Dr. Carter ever tried to change your position when he’s trying to get you to relieve yourself?”

    I watch Cole shake his head at Ang’s question.

    “Always…. tied…. on my…. back.”

    “Well that exins a lot.”

    I mutter as I wrap my arms around the young man’s chest. He yelps lightly as my hug tightens around him.

    “I’m sorry Cole. Move with me. I’m going to sit you up. Damian, can you lower the rail on your side?”

    “Sure”

    He finally starts moving around Colefortably sinceing into the room with me, at eighteen years old he’s had limited exposure to abuse of this nature.

    Damian gets the side down and without my instructions, instinctively helps Cole move his legs to the side of the bed allowing me to lift himfortably into a sitting position.

    Cole whines quietly as the new position ces even more pressure on his dder but he manages to get himself to the side of the bed by the time Ang gets there.

    “Do you want to hold this and take care of your needs on your own or do you need help?”

    “If you… can help…. keep me…. sitting…. I can…. do the….. rest.”

    It’s difficult to listen to Cole being so breathless so many hours after we brought him into the hospital.

    “I’ve got this Ang. If you could contact a helper to get a new bed in here that would be great. Do we have another heated nket? He still feels cold to me. ”  

    “Check his temperature when he’s done and cleaned up but I should have another.”

    She hands Damian the container as she draws the curtain around the bed. I climb up on the bed kneeling behind Cole,  I  ce my hands on his sides right in the middle at the bottom of his ribs. He yelps in surprise but settles before  I  say anything to him.

    “I’m sorry. I guess I’m not used to giving forward knowledge of what I’m going to do before I do it.”

    He slowly shuffles his weight off his hands, reaching for the container as he prepares himself to use it. Damian politely turns his  back   towards  Cole as the groan of relief escapes. I can’t help but smile as I’m  relieved  that I don’t have to subject him to something as invasive as  a   catheter  

    when he doesn’t need it.

    “When you’re finished I want you to lean back against me and hand me the container . ”

  

     It  doesn’t take long before he settles back against me. He is breathing hard with a loud wheeze but at least he  appears   more bfortable.

    “Damian, I’d like you to help keep him steady while I dump this and clean up, then we’re going to get him into a chair while we  wait   for   a   new  

    bed.”

    “I’m sorry ….  alpha.”

    I hear him wheeze through as Damian and I swap holding him up.

    “It happens every month. I’m more worried about the dream that caused it than the bed itself. Do  your  dreams  get  easier when you’re on your medication?”

    He nods silently as I walk by the bed. I can hear Damian talking quietly with him but I’m too far to understand anything.  I  spot the chair  we  brought him into the room and start wheeling it over to the bed.

    Once I get there I notice Cole’s struggle to breathe has gotten worse. I lock the wheels on the chair before walking a  few   steps   over  to Cole  . 

    “You’re not looking.much better than you did this morning. I need to get you back on the nebulizer for a while.”

    Damian slowly moves to the side allowing me to transition back to helping Cole. Once I’m in front of him again I notice that Ang has left a gown on the bed along with the catheter kit. With Cole having a firm grip on me reach over and grab the gown.

    “Shall we get you a little better covered up? Now that you’re without your pants it might be a bit morefortable to be in the hospital gown. That, and easier to use the container while in bed.”
###Chapter   51  

    I unfold the gown and hold it up towards him. He slips his arms through the holes as I tie it behind his neck.

     “ Wrap your arms around me. On three I want you to stand with me. Then we will turn and I will line you up with the chair and have you sit. Ready? ”  

    He nods silently as we position ourselves for the move.

    “Now 1… 2…  3  ”  

    He groans as he pushes up and I pull him back into a standing position. I can feel his legs trembling under his weight, likely from theck of oxygen he’s getting into his system.

    He moves with me slowly as I get him lined up with the chair and get him sitting down in it.  Just  as he’s sitting down I hear Ang’s voiceing from down the hall. I let go of Cole and give Damian the instructions to stand behind him    as  I don’t like the way he’s struggling to hold his head.

    I unlock the brakes on the bed so I can get it out of the way  as  Ang instructs the omegas on where the bed goes.  I  smile at the site of my son with Cole His instincts on how to help others indiscriminately is kicking in well. He’s sitting behind Cole in a chair he’s adjusted high enough that he’s able to pull Cole back against the wheelchair and against his chest. He’s alsoid one arm down Cole’s chest encouraging him to lean against him.

    It only takes a moment to get the beds changed out but in that time  I  seemed to have lost track of Cole and Damian .   I’m  shocked but relieved when I find that Damian has moved Cole closer to the nebulizer hookup. Cole  is  still having a hard time epting even the soft mask for his treatments but I’m marveling at the patience  I  see from Damian towards this stranger on ournd. I look at Ang as the omegas set up the bed.

     “ You said you were able to catch up with Dr. Carter again. What else were you able to find out? He’s been in here four hours and I’ve  seen  no change in his breathing.”

     “ Yes, I had the chance to talk with him again. As I said earlier he said the reason for the catheter was because he couldn’t go when he was in the hospital. Apparently it was a position problem not a function problem. Which makes me wonder about the feeding tube. How necessary that really is. Him being restrained is an unfortunate mix of factors. Many nurses have seen him tear up the bed during the nightmares he has while sedated which has started a lot of nasty rumors at his home pack. He’s torn up multiple beds whiche out of his budget and he’s hurt himself on several asions. Most nurses refuse to work with him if he isn’t in a hard leather restraint system tying him to the bed. As he  gets  better, he gets stronger. Which is why they don’t let him out to eat or use the bathroom as it’s nearly impossible to get him restrained again. He has to be in really bad condition for him toe to the hospital as he ends up tied down from the time he gets there until about an hour before he leaves.”

    “We need to change what is normally done during these attacks. The stress of being in the medical wing is enough to keep the cycle going but whatever nightmare he had when I walked in was quite nasty as well. Do we have any of the anti anxiety medication in a liquid form so we can get him started back on them? I don’t think he can handle pills right now.”

    “I’ve got his list and Alex is sending what has already been filled to us via fedex. They should be here in a day or two but I can get the pharmacy  to  fill what he’s currently on. I will look into any liquid versions that might  be  avable. Meanwhile, I’m going to double the nebulizer treatment and oxygen levels  he  gets in the mask but I’m cutting the Valium in half again. There’s  no  reason to have him at ten milligrams when he’s struggling to process  two  milligrams out of his body.”

###Chapter  52  

    I grab the thermometer as I head over to Cole and Damian. I give Damian a smile as I speak to Cole..

    “This is a real simple temperature check. Just stay still for me.”

    He lifts his arm as if to stop me when I ce the reader in his ear. Thankfully he stops part way.

    and simply makes a face at the brief process.

    “100.$ Ang.”

    “Still low but at least it’s holding steady. We need to get him back in bed. I’ve turned everything down so it doesn’t cook him but instead of a sheet the bed is covered with a heated nket, plus the two pillows and another heated nket to cover him with. I’m hoping that he’ll sleep better if he’s warm .  ”  

    “I need to move you back to the bed. I also need you to try and at least drink a little bit of a protein drink. Eating something right now would be too difficult for you but I’m hoping you can stomach at least half a small bottle of a nutrient rich protein drink. We have chocte, vani and strawberry. I’d rmend starting with vani as it has the lightest taste but I’ll help you drink any that you choose. Cole?”

    He appears to be drifting in and out of sleep again as I push him the short distance to the bed.

    “Cole, I need you to stand long enough to get in the bed.”

    I wrap my arms around him like before and he responds with the same. The only thing bothering me is theck of control he has for his head. I do my normal count before pulling him a bit more than he could push to get him up. I move him easily to the bed before sitting behind him.

    “What do we have in the fridge that he can drink now?”

    “Chocte”

    I hear Damian call out. He starts making his way over to the bed with two drinks in hand. He opens one for himself as he hands the other off to me. I get Cole in a good position for drinking without choking before opening it up.

    “Cole, we werewolves can’t go very long without eating. The most is about a day and with you as sick as you are I don’t want to wait that long. I need you to drink at least half of this drink. I want you to hold it so you can control how much you get but I’m also going to hold it since you have a lot of tremors going on.”

    Hisck of response to my request is worrying so without waiting for him to  grab  the bottle I ce it gently to his lips. His harsh reaction to get away  from  it stuns Damian and myself to the point that it takes a moment to recover.

    “Open your eyes Cole. This  is  the same stuff that Damian is drinking. I need you to try it.”

    I can feel him stir around as Damian sits on the side of the bed but I can’t tell if he actually looks .  

    “Hey” I hear Damian speak with a smile. “This stuff is actually really good. It’s formted for werewolves when they’re sick or can’t eat regr meals for whatever reason that may be preventing them from eating.”

    “What’s…. in it?”

    “You know I actually don’t know.”

    I smile when Damian rubs the back of his neck, looking sheepishly at Cole. Then, as if he realizes something, Damian’s eyes drop to the container in his hand. Spinning it slowly in his hand.

    “You asked what is in it. I was thinking ingredients but now that I think about what little bit we do know about you.”

    His voice trails off and sadnessces his eyes.

    “What are you thinking, Damian?”

     I  can’t help but ask him for the question I haven’t thought  of  yet.

    It would be pretty easy to slip Ativan of some other dissolving medication into this and no one would know until you knocked mit or got slek from an

    He states as he roughly gets up from the bed. Hees back with another, unopened bottle. Sitting back on the bed with Cole and I, he hands tole the bottle.

    “It’s not open. I know you’re tired but it’s important that you eat so look it over and when you’re satisfied that it hasn’t been tempered with you can watch one of us open it.”

###Chapter  53  

    Cole starts slouching over against my arm before he struggles to right himself again. I’m pleasantly surprised when, instead of having the new borde ogenes he reaches for the one in my hand. Unfortunately he’s also struggling badly to keep himself upright.

    “Cole, I’m not taking this away.”

    I speak gently so as not to ry any anger or frustration.

    “I’d like to adjust how I’m holding you so you stay upright a little better without the struggle.”

    He lightly nods his head as I move him around.

    “Are you left or right handed?”

    He raises his left as I gently drape my right arm acto

    his right shoulder and chest.

    “Lean into my shoulder. I’m going to bring the drink to your mouth again. Meet my hand so you have control of how much you get.”

    He reaches up and gently takes my hand as I help to slowly pour a small amount into his mouth. I can feel him take a few small mouthfuls before whining and pushing it away.

    “What’s wrong, Cole?”

    “Stomach….. always….. sick…. when…. stressed.”

    “Hmmm, I see.” I hum lightly.

    “Ang, do you have anything for

    “Yes, we can try that.”

    As Ang walks over to us with the medication I notice that Cole has started panting hard on top of his  wheezing .

    “Cole?”

    I ask quietly. I’m concerned about this sudden pain.

    “Stomach….. cramps….. bad…. after…. bruising.”

    He struggles through thement as he pulls his legs to his chest. I watch Ang return to the cab and start pulling out everything we use in a blood draw as well as the feeding tube kit. My heart sinks for the young man. It seems Dr. Carter was half right on what he needs.

    “Cole” I’m speaking gently as his whimpers increase. “I need you to cooperate. We  are  going to put a feeding tube in since you’re having such a bad reaction to the protein shake. I’m going to adjust your body position so I can hold you and help you through this.”

    My legs are already on each side of his body making it easy to turn him to the side.  He’s  panting bad with the pain of the cramps and wheezing even harder .  

    “Damian ,  can you grab the mask while we wait for Ang?”

    He jogs over and barely takes a few seconds to get it to me. I take it from him with a nod of thanks and slowly put it to Cole’s face. He fights it hard  enough  that I take it off twice before he’s able to ept it. It’s only a minuteter that Anges  over  with everything she needs for him.

    “Cole, has Dr. Carter  ever  given you any medication in your nose ?  ”  

    I remove the mask as he shakes his head no/

    “ I  can’t imagine doing the feeding tube without any kind of numbing medication so hopefully the difort of the numbing spray makes the  tube   going  down a little  easier .”

    Cole is barely moving, making me wonder if he’s even still awake,

     “ Cole, are you still awake?”

    “Barely”

    I barely hear him whisper as he tries to get up. Ang steps in and stops his movements. The cramping seems to have rxed at the moment so  it’s  easier .  to get him into afortable position.

    “I’m going to have Demetri hold you sim

    to how we hold the kids when they have

    to

    have one of these,”

    I can feel him nod his head slowly.

    “Now, the spray can be a little ufortable but I think it’s a lot easier to handle than this tube going up your nose and down your throat. I know you’ve had several of these but hopefully this one ends up being  the   easiest  one you’ve had.  It’s  still a bit rough until the tube gets past the gag reflex but  after  that you should be able to rx .  ”  

    He nods again even slower  as  it seems he’s still quite sedated.

    “Alright Cole, two sprays on each side.”

    Ang moves quickly so as not to encounter any fight getting the  spray  into his nose. It’s as she finishes the second side  that  he has a strong reaction ,  pulling away right after the second  spray  coughing hard.

    “Breathe through your mouth and swallow anything in your throat. It will numb the back  of  your throat reducing the  gag  reflex. He’s already in  a  good position for me to work with, I just need you, Demetri, to hold his hands down in hisp and Damian,  I  need you to hold his head still.”

    “What do you want me to do?”

    “Come around to the back of Cole. I want to keep him in his current position since he’sfortable enough to barely be awake .  All I need is  a  gentle hand keeping his head against your father’s shoulder. He’s already resting against it so I just need your hand to keep him there .  ”  

    Damian does as instructed and positions himself behind Cole cing his hand near the top of his head.

###Chapter   54  

     “  I’m  sorry Cole but hopefully this is easier on you then previous ones. I need you to breathe through your mouth as I start and swallow when it hits  your  throat. Would you like some water? Most find drinking water makes the tube easter to swallow.”

    “No thank…. you”

    “Okay, now deep breaths for me.”

    It’s only a couple seconds after she starts that Damian and I have to help him stay still as he whines and fights the process. Ang  keeps  a sympathetic yet encouraging tone to her voice as she advances the tube down into his stomach. Fortunately, the young man stills his fight once the tube gets past his throat .  

    By the time Ang is done Cole has fallen asleep against my shoulder. Ang smiles as she rubs his head while encouraging Damian to do the same .  She connects a syringe to the tube and slowly pushes a small amount of the contents into the tube.

    “It’s saline to verify that the tube is ced in his stomach, not his lungs.”

    I nod my head as she pauses, waiting for a reaction that tells her where the tube is at. When he doesn’t react she detaches the first and starts another.

    “Damian, can you hand your father the mask while I finish up with him?”

    He hands it over to me and as I ce it on his  face  Damian grabs the band and pulls it behind Cole’s head. Cole is truly out this time as he doesn’t stir from the mask or whatever Ang is introducing into the feeding tube.

    “What are you giving him, Ang?”

    “It’s a high density nutrient mix. This particr one has higher magnesium and potassium levels to help reduce the cramps without giving him a muscle rxer, considering he’s already on one.”

    I nod my head as  I  run my hand through his hair. I’ve been doing that a lot with him but he seems to need and enjoy the contact .  Once everything is taped she moves to the IV. He squirms a little when the band is put on his arm but otherwise does well with the difort.

    She changes everything over so she can draw his blood without any additional pokes with the needle and makes short work  of  the collection process before changing it back.

    “The challenge now is getting him toy down without you holding him . ”

    Ang chuckles as she cleans everything up. I smile as I listen to the young man wheezing slowly.

    “Dad? Can I speak candidly about Cole?”

    “Sure. What’s on your mind?”

    “He’s older than me. Twenty–three he said. So why does he cling to you like a lost pup? He acted a lot more mature then this yesterday.”

    “It’s the abuse he’s suffering. Sometimes if it’s severe enough for a long enough time it can change the wolf’s way of thinking. Some even  be   two  separate individuals depending on the situation they’re in. He’s in a highly vulnerable situation right now and just like a pup, he’s too  weak  to fight anyone off or run to protect himself so instinctively he turns into a pup. Most adult wolves would never hurt a pup.

    Cole, I need toy you down but I’ll be back in a couple hours  to  check on you. I’m sorry we had to do the feeding tube but at least  we  avoided the cath. Personally I think those are worse. I’m going to leave the mask on you and leave the container so you can relieve yourself without getting  up  .  I just  wish  you would talk to me.  I  can get you out of this hell you’re living in.

    Damian, I need you to stand right up against the bed. I’m going to shift him  over  to you so I can get up without him just falling over. I don’t think a sudden fall will help his asthma any.”

    Damian and I work together to get Cole leaning against his chest as I get up gentlyy him on his side beforeying him at an angle against the  heated  pillow. Once I’ve made the young manfortable I make sure everything is in his reach, including a bottle of water and the call button ,  before  motioning  for Damian to follow me. We’re running a bit past the noon time frame that I wanted to meet the others but it’s still before one so that’s  where   we   head .  To  the dining hall with the rest of the Red Fang pack.
###Chapter  55  

    It’splete pandemonium as I walk into the dining hall. The rest of Cole’s pack pisses me off almost instantly as I see two active fist fights going on  with  everyone in the hall actively encouraging them to continue.

    I let all the pent up frustration as to how this pack is treating Cole out in a single room echoing roar that no wolf can deny or so I thought.

    About half of those circling the ones fighting drop to one knee in submission. The reaction I prefer to see.

    “The ten of you that submitted, grab a chair at the table on the other side of the building.”

    They immediately jump to their feet and scramble across the room, quickly finding a seat. I walk over to the ongoing fight with Damian, Dominic, Patrick and Parker.

    “The nine of you still standing around those that are fighting. You will go

    stand by the wall, now!”

    My voice booms, bouncing easily off the walls. They don’t react quite as quickly

    would have liked dying my ability to intervene in the fights.

    “Move!”

    I try again to get them out of the way but only seeded in getting more  of  them in my  way  .   I  growl again as my frustration grows and grab the wolf  in  front of me by the neck.

    “Move to the wall! Now!”

    I growl loudly as I shove him away. Finally he’s moving but not  very  quickly. Dominic and Damian quickly realize that these wolves are as stubborn  as  they are childish and start assisting me in grabbing them by the neck and shoving them towards the wall as I had instructed.

    “Everyone still standing will submit against the wall, now!”

    I put all of my alpha into themand and finally  see  results as everyone freezes.

    There are two wolves on the ground bleeding heavily from their noses and mouths while the two standing are in nearly the same shape. I growl out my frustration once again trying to figure out what to do next.

    “Dominic, do you have a pen and paper nearby?”

    “Yes sir.”

    “Go get it quickly.”

    I can hear Dominic hurry off without even looking.

     “ You”I point to the one standing farthest from me.

    “What’s your name ? ”

    “Das.”  He   states  curtly.

    “Damian, escort Das to the bathroom. He gets two minutes to wash the blood from his face and hands, then hees back and stands against  the  wall.”

    Damian motions towards Das, and surprisingly, he follows silently. I point to the  next  one standing. Name!”

  “ Richard.”

    He’s a little more respectful than Dak when speaking hit Hol much .   *Parker. when   you see Damianing back yott   take Richard And do the  thing.  My out to the closest one the floot. He hesitates a moment
    but fake it reaches， out to me anyway .  “ Your  name?”

  him up. “Andrew . ”

    “You will go with Damian once Parkeres back.”

    He gives me a short To Him but it A the to nod before looking ground. I walk for him to take to orient himself takes moment one sitting a  few  feet to thest

    when hand. He my sways a bit ground. Out of the four he looks on the me to ce my he reaches his feet causing

     WOTSE   other  hand on his side.“ What’s your name?”

    I ask a bit calmer than I did with the rest.“Jamison but everyone calls me Jamie.”

    He’s quiet and by far the most submissive of the four.

    “Patrick, I was going to assign you something else when Dominic came back with the pen and paper but I think Jamie needs to be examined by a doctor. Take him to the medical wing please. Let him clean up before Dr. Morrison gets to him. Dr. Pierce is quite busy between taking all of Ms. Stonemen’s patients in addition to hers and taking care of Cole.”

    “Is he okay, Alpha? We haven’t seen him since this morning.”

    I’m actually shocked at Jamie’s concern for Cole.

    “He’s rough but okay. I can’t tell you much as that’s his private business but I can assure you that he’s receiving all the appropriate medical care that he needs. I’ll let him know you asked about him. I’m sure he’ll appreciate your concern for him.”

    Jamie just stands and stares into my eyes instead of going with Patrick.

    “Jamie?” Hisck of movement is starting to concern me.

    “Are you lying, Alpha?”

    I’m shocked at his statement and remain speechless for a moment.

    *Alpha Redmen always says he’s being taken care of whenever he disappears but he never is. ”  

    “Why are you even concerned about that good for nothing Cole? Haven’t you heard the rumors about how cruel and heartless he is ?  ”  

    I see Parker start walking away from the group towards the bathroom signaling me to Das’s return.

    “Have you ever spent time with him, Das? He actually spent two years with dad and I learning dad’s carpentry trade. It took  a  long time for him to  rx  and talk easily with us. He’s very private and doesn’t talk a lot. Disappears a lot too. Sometimes for weeks at a time.”

    “I have no interest in a rapist. He deserves to be beaten into the ground every day for the shit he does. Most recent rumor is that he has been raping our

    future luna.”

    “I don’t believe that Das.”

    “Believe what you want but that freak is a pedophile and a rapist. Haven’t you seen all the pups thate and go from his room?  They  often stay the night for two to three nights then the girlse out marked like he’s their mate. Probably rapes them while he marking them. I saw a seven year olde out of his roomst week with a bite mark. He deserves the beat down he got Saturday.”

    I put my hand up stopping Jamison from speaking.

    “What did you see of that?”

    Das scoffs. “Not much alpha. Those of using to this run knew that Alpha Redmen was looking for him but we were instructed not to touch him. By the time we reported him as being in the pack house to alpha he had escaped to his room. Somehow alpha can’t even get into it. Saturday evening, his brother and future alpha, Andre, ran into him. What I saw was Andre pushing him towards Alpha Redman’s office. Cole fought back, tried to run off but got caught and Alpha embedded his foot into Cole’s stomach over a dozen times. Alpha then forced him to his feet, used his belt to tie his hands behind his back and took him back to the training room. It took a while but alpha got him screaming like a girl before he was done with him.”

    anxiety

    “I see.”  I  speak quietly. “Jamison, if you would like to verify Cole’s care  I  will give you permission to see him very briefly. He’s currently in a ma induced asthma attack and he’s not reacting normally to any type  of  stimulus  so   I  can’t allow him visitors until I move him to the second floor of the pack house. I’m hopeful that we will have him back at the training dormitory Saturday morning. Now I need you to go with Patrick.”

    Jamison finally starts moving towards the  door .

    “Patrick, if you see Cole start thrashing around it’s important that you get Ang to interrupt the dream. They get pretty bad.”

     “  Yes  sir.” He states as he starts towards the door himself.
###Chapter   56  

     “  I  guess my lunch meeting with everyone is canceled since I’ve got to babysit those who can’t follow the rules”

    *Don’t worry too much about it boss ,  we  all  cat together in the pack house so this just gives you more time to think about  what  you  want  to d

     I   can’t  help but smile while I shake my head.

     “ You’ve always been the one to look at the bright side of things. Thanks Pat.”

    “No problem ,  boss.  See  you at dinner.”

    It’s as my beta walks Jamison to the medical wing that Dominic finally shows up.

    “About time Dom what happened?” “Um. I couldn’t find my notebook from earlier so I  went  to your office.”

     I  shake my head as I sigh.

    “Dom you’d lose your head if it wasn’t attached to your shoulders .  ”  

    “Sir, sometimes  I  think I’ve lost it while it’s still there. ”  

    I chuckle softly as I marvel at how well my pack gets along with most everyone in it.

    “Okay Dominic this is what I need. Start at the far table. I want names and rank. When  you’re  finished  they  can get their food and sit down .  The ones against the wall are next. Keep the groups separate on your list. Again, I need names and ranks. When the first  group   sits   then  they may  go  get their food. The three left from the fight will get their foodst.

    You three fighters will report to your rooms after lunch and remain there until dinner. You will onlye out  of   your  room in order  to   report  for dinner then you will return to your rooms. Additional instructions will be given at dinner so don’t bete. The rest of you will  resume  training on the track . ”

    There’s a collective groan but Dominic is already working on names as I sit at the head table observing everyone. I  allow  myself to get lost in my thoughts as the dining hall resumes its orderly way of working. It’s hard for me to believe such harsh rumors being put out about the gentle he – wolfying in  my  medical wing.

    Yet, rumors almost always have a hint of truth to them. Problem is teasing out what part of those rumors are true and what’s exaggerated. Have I be protective over a rapist and a pedophile?

    Yet it’s obvious that he’s severely abused and neglected, there’s no way anyone can deny that. I need to make notes on everything I see, hear and find out about this young man. He needs help but am I going to endanger my own pack by helping him?

###Chapter   57  

    (Patrick’s POV)

    It doesn’t take long to cross thend in between the dining hall and the medical wing of the pack house. Jamison’s walking has improved so Fe or worried about a concussion as Demetri is but the kid is still sporting a really nasty cut over his eye that’s still worth looking at.

    He’s been quiet the whole time walking, looking at the ground. He’s keeping pace with me but also staying a respectful two steps behind toe, which tells me I’m a higher rank than him. Something I’ll ask aboutter if Dr. Morrison doesn’t.

    “Here.”

    I speak for the first time since leaving the dining hall as I open the door to the medical wing. I’m not much of a talker either ,  at least not with those I’ve just met.

    He steps inside ahead of me but stops about four feet away waiting for me to show the way. We get about halfway down the hall when I spot Dr. Pierce.

    “Ang, are you busy?”

    “A little Pat but how can I help you?”

    “Demetri sent me over here with Jamison. He wants Jamie checked over. He was in a nasty fight with his pack mate, Das. He’s the worst of the four that got into it. He’s also wanting to check on Cole.”

    “I didn’t think Cole had any friends in his pack.”

    She states as we’ve walked closer to the door she’s getting ready to enter. He’s quiet and submissive when he speaks.

    “Cole isn’t allowed to have friends but that doesn’t stop me from caring about him.”

    “That’s sad to hear. This is his room. He’s hit the call button so I got Dr. Morrison to take Jessa’sst appointment for the day so I can check on  him  .  There’s another bed in here that I can use to examine you so you cane in. Just keep it quiet as we’re trying to keep stimulus at a minimum. We’re struggling to break the anxiety cycle that’s fueling his asthma. He’s worse than Damian at this point Pat.”

    I nod my head slowly  as   we  step into the room.

    “What’s your name  again  ? ”

    “Jamison but I prefer Jamie . ”

    “All right Jamie. I need you to head to the bathroom on the right side of the room. Wash the blood from your face and hands so I can see the extent of your injuries. When youe out,  take  your shirt off and sit on the bed.”

    He heads quietly to the bathroom while Ang heads to Cole. I watch her lean over him and speak directly into his ear. It seems he’s asking for help using the bathroom as his hand keeps pointing at the container hanging off the side of his bed.

    She  walks over  to the curtain and draws it closed. It takes several minutes but it’s not long before Ang is bringing a container to the bathroom to dump  as  Jamie leaves. We make our way to the bed at the same time from opposite directions as Dr. Pierce washes her hands before putting gloves on.

    *So getting into a fight on your first day here? You know that’s the fastest way to get disqualified from the program, yes?”

    “Yes ma’am.” The  young  man sighs.

    “How old are you?”

    “Twenty.”

     “ And your rank ?  ”  

    “Delta”

    *Okay. So, deviously you’ve been through the usual statsdard physicals and ones after injury as ‘* ***

    “Yer ma’am. It’s not my first time in a fight with Bes  ” 

    that’s a be of muckvent is wind e

    “What I like to do is start with the lesser injured areas and work to the harder ones to handle  . Patrick, can you link with Demetri? immediately sting he’s going to need stitches and he’s better at distracting than you are

    I call on my wolf to form a link with Demetri. I’m relieved to find out that he was headed over to Cole’s room as we’re speaking to check on hits. Although it’s not what he wanted, Jamie being in the same room makes things a bit easier on him.

    As I’m speaking to Demetri I can hear Ang instructing Jamison on what she needs him to do. First examining his hands before looking at his chest and abdomen. His cooperation with Dr. Pierce ispletely opposite from what little I saw of Cole,


###Chapter  58  

    I’ming out of the link as Demetri walks into the room and Ang has started oninfore fase Demetri walks drai  to  este, pár back and leaning over the young man as he runs his hand through his hair. I look back to Ile Pierce and Jamte and notes that he’s working Dem interaction with Cole quite intensely.

    A sudden yelp from Jamie startles me but it’s Cole’s reaction that catches the attention of all of us. Not only does Cole startle put be priced? Was energy than he’s had all day, stopping Demetri in his tracks. Demetri cocks his head to one side as he listens to Cale before foeming atmod and heading back to him.

    “Ang, hold your exam for a minute.”

    “It’s already done. He’s bruised up decently. Nothing his wolf can’t handle in a day or two but theceration above his my he’s drawn to the home and is approximately an inch and a half which is why I rmend stitches.”

    Demetri has leaned over Cole again speaking to him. It doesn’t take long for Cole’s growling to slowly diminish.

    “Can I talk to him, Alpha?”

    “He does seem to know you. He’s even protective of you. You cane over for a minute. It will reassure him of what we’re doing when we start doing the lidocaine shots to numb that cut over your eye.”

    “Shots?”

    Jamison sounds nervous about the shots, but then again it does hurt to have a needle poking around a fresh wound. He slides off  the  table and walks quietly over to Cole.

    (Demetri’s POV)

    I step into Cole’s room quietly. I’m not too happy with Patrick when I told him to get with Kathy over Ang but I’ll deal  with  thatter. I nce over at the table that the young man is perched on. He’s the pr opposite of Cole. Easily moving through the minor exam with ease.

    I immediately walk over to Cole. My intentions with the abused wolf hasn’t changed much despite the disturbing rumors that he has raped his future luna or that he’s raping little kids. I’m finding it difficult to believe that a wolf who’s shown me a gentleness that no wolf ,  outside my own children, has shown me during this extremely vulnerable time would be capable of such violence. The harshness of these rumors are beginning to make me think of family scapegoat abuse. Only it seems to have bled over into most of his pack.

    I slip one hand into his while I gently run my other hand through his hair trying to wake him as gently as  I  can. He startles badly despite my efforts. Gasping hard as he bes aware of my presence, he squeezes my hand hard as I feel his body begin to shake .  

    “Hey Cole, what’s going on? I haven’t felt you shake like this since this morning.”

    He opens his mouth but closes it without saying anything.

    “Rx with me Cole. I’m going to check on this nebulizer. If it’s done I’ll change you to just oxygen .  ”  

    I walk away to where the nebulizer is hooked up and turn it off when  I  see the medication is gone. I switch the oxygen over to the cann and walk back over to Cole. He’s already trying to get the mask off but seems to be getting frustrated with his struggle.

    “Easy there Cole. I got you.”

    I gently ce a hand upon his to calm his struggles with the mask before gently pulling it off  of  him.

    “Thank… you”

    He speaks breathlessly. He opens his  eyes  and watches my movements as I ce the  oxygen  cann under his nose.

    “Are you doing okay?”

     He  nods his head slowly before pointing subtly towards Jamison.

    “Are you okay with him being here?”

     “  Will … you…. let… we…. see him? ”  

     “ You know him? Is he a friend?”

    I’m shocked that he was telling me the truth about his concerns for Cole. He gives me a thumbs up confirming my questions.

    “Okay, let me go check on how far Ang is on her exam of him.”

    Just as I turn around a head towards the other young man I startle when he yelps. I pause my movements even longer when I hear a quiet persistent growl emanating from the young man behind me. I immediately turn and make my way back to Cole.

    “You’re protective of him.”

    I state in a shocked whisper that he had found someone in the pack worth protecting.

    “Don’t….. hurt…. him…. He’s ….  more…. brother….. then…. my….. family.”

    “It’s not purposeful Cole. Ang is examining him because he ended up in a nasty fight and it looks like he’s going to need stitches. Rx, okay. FII let hime talk to you in a minute .  ”  

    I stand briefly and look towards Jamison.

    “Can I talk to him, Alpha?”

    “He does seem to know you. He’s even protective of you. You cane over for a minute. It will reassure him of what  we’re  doing when  we  start doing the lidocaine shots to numb that cut over your eye.”

    “Shots? ”  

    Jamison sounds nervous as he slides off the table and walks over to Cole.
###Chapter  59  

    It’s  as  he starts to kneel that I grab his arm, stopping him from moving. He makes eye contact with me briefly before looking back in the grand in a respectful submission.

    He looks worried but doesn’t say anything to me. I grab two stools from across the room and call his name as I roll one over to files. I kick the ster consistently as I walk back over.

    “Have you ever seen him while he’s at General?”

    “Only the two times that my dad and I took him. He’s not allowed to have friends. I think his father is afraid the secrets of their rtionship will get out. It’s not easy for Cole there. I’m sorry Cole. I shouldn’t be sharing your business like this.”

    “It’s okay….., Jamie…. He’s….. a doctor…. Ite’s…. already…. figured…. it out…. He’d….. be stupid….. not to….. Let Jamie…. speak for

    “It would be easier for you tomunicate through the link so yes, that’s fine. With certain statements I may ask you to verify what he’s said so at non or give me a thumbs up, whichever is easiest for you.”

    He gives me a thumbs up as he adjusts his position to be more on his belly than his back. He scrunches his face briefly with the movements showing me the pain he’s in without yelping.

    “Do you need something more for the pain?”

    “He said Dr. Pierce just gave him vi–co–profen? Am I saying that right ?  ”  

    “Yes Jamie, that’s what we’ve been giving him.”

    “Okay, I haven’t heard of that. Well she gave him that and restarted the nebulizer and steroids not long ago so he doesn’t think he can get  anything  more.”

    “I’ll check and see what we can do for you after we get Jamie stitched up.”

    He opens his eyes for the  first  time in a while. It’s the first time I’ve noticed his  eye  color. It’s dark, but it’s not  brown  like mine.  It  looks almost  ck  like he’s in a partial shift. I ce my hand under his head, tilting it slightly up so I can make eye contact with him without it being overly ufortable. He manages to keep contact with me for a minute or two, long enough to  see  what I was looking for before he starts squirming ufortably in my hold.

    “I’m sorry Cole but I was trying to confirm that you weren’t in a partial shift. That your eyes are actually dark navy . ”

    I exin as Iy his head back on the pillow.

    “My father noticed that too when he moved in with us for a year and a half. He told me that his eyes never changed color. They’ve been like that his entire life. Dad said that it means something but could never figure out what.”

    “It is quite significant for an adult to have what we call pup blue  eyes .”

    “Pup blue eyes, sir?”

    “All babies, human and werewolf, are born with navy blue eyes. In humans, the eye color changes around six months but in werewolves it tends to be around four to six years old depending on the wolf’s maturity level and birth rank. Omegas tend to mature faster than alphas.”

    “So what does it mean when a wolf keeps the pup blue ? ”

    I can tell by the way Cole is looking at me that he’s quite interested in the answer as well. I sigh hard, not wanting  to  let hi know about the level of abuse he must have suffered to be where he is now.

    how much I actually

    “Pups only keep the navy color if their emotional maturity is severely stunted by severe trauma. If the wolf’s eyes don’t change due to ongoing, long term trauma, by twelve years old then their  eyes  never will.”

    I can see a hint of sadness in both of their eyes. I reach out and run my fingers through Cole’s hair. He stiffens badly and closes his eyes again. I can tell he’s fighting himself and his desire to make me stop.

    “We need to get you patched up Jamie. It looks like Ang is ready for you.”

    “Won’t my wolf heal it in a week or so?”

     “ Yes he will but in that time it couldpletely healed in three days . ”

    infected and with it being down to the bone, infection could get very bad very quickly. If we andi in ran it wiri

    I hear Jamie grow! before bing suddenly silent.

    “Okay, if you think that’s best.”

###Chapter 60


     “ What did he say ?  ”  

    “It’s best that I get stitches. The lidocaine shots hurt quite a bit but it’s nothingpared to doing your gent.”

    1 lock away from Jamie towards the bed where Ang and Patrick still sit to find the shocked

    faces that I’m certain I mittor.

    “Cole? You’ve been forced to stitch your own wounds?”

    He nods his head slowly before Jamie begins to speak again. “His father cut his budget down severely when he was twenty–one so it was cheaper and ser for Dr. Carter to teach him how to do it himself and give him the supplies then for him to get them at General. That way it saves that money for when he’s in a crisis like he is now. He says he wants to talk to you but it hasn’t done him any good. Three packs have figured out his living hell it for them to send him back to it. Things have gotten really bad each time the council came after he returned home. Never once did they speak to him directly. He was  warned  that if the council shows again he won’t be allowed to continue in the warrior program.”

    “Cole, I need to get Jamie started but I also want you to keep talking. Tell me anything you need me to know. I’m listening.”

    He opens his eyes, looking at me briefly as I run hand through his hair as I direct Jamie back to the bed.

    “You using the link will be a good distraction for him as well but you need to be careful or you’ll end up taking on his pain.”

    He nods again before I walk away.

    “All right Mr. Jamison. You’re looking really nervous right now. Have you ever had stitches before ?  ”  

    “No sir”

    “We figured as much. That’s why they called me. So, this is what happens. Ang’s going to rinse  it  out with abination of lidocaine  , steroids ,  antibiotics and saline. After that will be the shots. There’s a lot of them because you need multipleyers  of  stitches. While she’s doing the shots, since this is your first time, Patrick is going to hold your head still while I hold your hands. They do burn and I don’t  expect  you to hold it in but you can’t fight either. You can kick your feet as long as you’re not pushing your body off the table. Squeezing my hands helps quite a bit and you’re allowed to yelp, cry. scream ow, I’ve even had wolves beg us to stop but  we  can’t until it’s done. Most have found it easier to handle with their eyes closed, especially if you’ve had a hard time with shots in the past. Once those are done you will have about fifteen minutes before Ang starts stitching it up. She is going to move fast through the shots. It only takes a minute or two to get all theyers done.”

    He nods his head but doesn’t look any morefortable when heys down. He breezes through the rinse and the first few shots  but  as Ang moves through the multitude of shots he starts whining hard as the burn catches up to him.

    “Squeeze my hands Jamie. You’re doing very well for your first time! Breathe with my count.”

    I go through the slow count I use when wolves are brinking on a panic attack which calms him enough that he doesn’t start screaming on me. I hold  my  hand out to him and help him sit up while the numbing medication takes  effect .

    “I’m going to get Cole something to eat if you think you can help him out, Alpha. I’d like to see if he can get Luna’s chicken soup down without cramping when it’s warm.”

    I nod my head and invite Jamie toe with me. He takes the stool he was sitting in before  as  I try to wake Cole back up. He reacts a little better, squeezing down on my hand hard as he opens his eyes. I start running my hand through his hair as his eyes meet mine.

    “I’m sorry. I know you just fell back to sleep but Dr. Pierce would like to try getting you to eat again. Are you hungry ?  ”  

    He nods as Jamie starts to speak for him.

    “He usually stays hungry the entire time he’s in the hospital. Despite having the feeding tube harshly shoved inside him they hardly use it and when  they  did, it would cause him a lot of pain. He tends to lose quite a bit of weight also.”


     ###Chapter   61  

    “How long have you gone without eating?

    He holds up five fingers as Jamie speaks again.

    “Five days”

    “No one ever tried to feed you like 1 am?”

    He closes his eyes as he tries to sigh.

    “Everyone is too afraid to touch him let alone hold him like you do.”

    “I know I haven’t done anything that warrants an apology but I am very sorry to hear you have suffered through such misery in the hands of those who are supposed to help.”

    “He appreciates the thought. He feels that it’s not their fault. The only one at General that’s stayed long enough to get to know him and his history is Dr. Carter. It’s the budget and the rumors that are started about him that truly hurt him. Everyone thinks he is some crazy psychopath that rapes little girls. That he’s violent and unpredictable.”

    “Are you ready to try and eat something?”

    He gives me a confused look before pointing to the tube taped to the side of his face.

    “No Cole, not the tube. We’re going to supplement the small amounts of chicken soup you drink with a nutrient rich milk based form in the tube bat   if we use that as your only source then when you get off the tube your stomach has a hard time processing real food. Anytime we have a sick wolf in the wing Luna Lilly makes her famous chicken soup. The pickiest pup doesn’t even turn it away. When Ang or Kathy get it, they split it up between the patients that can’t eat regr food and they add supplements ording to their age, weight, height, and rank. Then we heat up small portions up to six times a day depending on how well they’re eating. They either do it themselves or someone helps them. You’re a little tall for Ang which is why I’m doing it.”

    “He wants to know what’s in it?”

    I squat down beside his bed and look him in the eye.

    “Keep the contact Cole.”

    I speak softly, encouraging him to still his darting eyes. He closes them briefly before opening them to look directly at me.

    “Good job. Was Damian correct? Have you been drugged without your knowledge?”

    “Can I tell him Cole? What I’ve seen while you were living with us?”

    Jamie sounds almost desperate as Ang and I help Cole to sit up, raising the head of his bed after he’s up to give me the proper support to help him. I slip behind Cole while Ang supports him. Once I’m in a good position, she helps to adjust his position so his back is leaning against my chest before handing

    me the soup.

    “Is it easier for you if I hold it in my right or left?”

    “He’s not certain how to do this with either hand. No one has tried to do this except you about an hour ago.”

    Jamie exins for him.

    “Okay, how about I’ll start off holding it, get you to take a few sips so you can get a feel of the temperature and if it’s going to upset your stomach, then we will figure it out from there.”

     I   can  feel him nod against my chest as I take the small portion of soup from Ang.

    “I need to give you two IM shots. I can use your arm or the side of your thigh. I’ll let you pick. You came back extremely low on magnesium, potassium and vitamin K so I need to supplement them. Two shots, twice a day for the  next  four days. Then blood testing on your levels  during   the   physical   which   will   be   one  day next week The  needle  is   won’t  realize long but a small you’re even getting them.”gauge

    **

    you will  barely feel  the pinch and

     “  Can    you do his   arm when he’s Javing down

    again?”  that’s fine.” have 
 The supplements nu burn or elde elleus I pros Ang smiles es she  walks  away, setting  for the up next stage of stitching Jamie’s cut.

     “ All right Cole.

    I know this is difficult for  you but I need you to try, otherwise it’s  going to he  Really Difficult For you to eat normally  
When  Your leave the hospital.”
    move the small cup of soup to his mouth and wait for his reaction to “It’s okay to take control Cole. It’s what I need you  To do.”

   

     ###Chapter   62  

    He lifts his hand slowly. As if he’s expecting me to smack it away as he reaches for the cup. When I make no further moes he slowly tilts the cup back  taking  his first sip of food since the previous night. He startles hard back into me but rxes almost as quickly before taking another small  sip  .   I  can’t help  but  smile as his willingness to ept, even this tiny amount of food, increases with every sip. It actually hurts me when he whines as I slow  him  down during one of his longer drinks.

    “Rx Cole. You’ve done nothing wrong. You just need to break long enough in between drinks to breathe. I’m not going to take it away. I promise this  isn  ‘  a tease. Your  oxygen  is still low and your lungs are still quite restricted.”

    He’s breathing hard, exaggerating his wheezing, as my firm yet gentle pressure keeps him from resuming his drinking. Anges back over to as, handing another cup to Jamie.

    “This stuff actually smells pretty good.”

    I see Ang smile as we all hear his stomach grumble.

    “Unfortunately, I wouldn’t rmend you eating it as it’s rich with added vitamins, minerals, protein and fats. It’s  a  special blend we use  when  wolves  can’t  handle regr food. That’s also why we keep the servings small but since he’s showing us he’s hungry and willing to eat, I brought just a little bit more over for you.”

    She smiles as she reaches out to him, touching the side of his face.

    “I need to check your eyes really quickly while you catch your

    breath.”

    I feel him nod against my shoulder. I’m surprised at how rxed he’s starting to feel in my hold.

    “Keep your gaze on me. I have to move slowly to see the change I’m looking for  since  your eyes are  so  dark.”

    It only takes a moment for her to do her assessment on his eyes and his breathing has calmed enough that I gently encourage him to resume drinking the soup. Jamie stays silent as Cole finishes both cups that were prepared for him.

    I can’t help but be reminded of my own son as I listen to the soft, rhythmic wheezing that signals the young man is sleeping. Anges over with  the  two shots and four wipes. I’m relieved that she’s nning on using the lidocaine wipes which will decrease any pain from the needle pricks he feels.

    1

    She helps me get from behind him andy him gently on his side. He grabs a hold of the warming pillow  as  soon as it touches his chest and I help him get into the position he desires. It’s in this 45 degree angle towards his stomach that I see his back under the brighter lights of the room. Ang was  correct  about him having fresh wounds in addition to the scaring.

    “Cole, are you still with me?”

    I ask as I touch his shoulder. He shifts slightly but not enough to really be awake.

    “You have the same marks on your back that you have on your chest. How far down do these go ?  Ang, have you seen this yet?”

    She walks over as I gently untie and fold  over  one side of the hospital gown he’s in. I take a deep slow breath in as I gaze upon the damage I didn’t see this morning. There’s a thin but long area of skin that’s ck and blue in color. Obvious severe bruising along his ribs. The same, inch wide, angry  red  lines that  we  found on his chest cross his back from his left to his right.

    “Look.”

    I just about whisper as I trace two of the lines across his back to where they fade into the ckness of the bruise .   I  can easily trace at least ten of these marks leading into the same long bruise .  

    “Ang, look at this  stray  one. The bruising looks to be a belt buckle.”

     I  follow the lines across his back to his hip where it ends in a nasty bruise and stab. More cuts catch my eye and I can’t help but gently fold  the   waistband  of his  boxers  down until I expose about half his rear exposing the same cuts and bruises .  I’m so stunned by the discovery that I nearly miss Ang  trying   to  touch his bruised ribs.

    In a sh I grab her wrist ,  startling her enough that she takes a step back.  My  grip on her is firm but not painful as  I   slowly  release  her ,

      Look at his numbers, listen to him breathe. I think he’s finallyfortable enough to rx and break the cycle.”
###Chapter   63  

    Ang smiles as she agrees with my observation. “If I can’t touch the bruise to determine sensitivity and potential fracture then I need to do an x– ray  .  *  

    “If you can get the x–ray without moving him then that’s what we need. Otherwise it can wait until I do his physical.

    “You’re going to do it personally, privately?”

    “Yes. If we’ve gotten him out of the cycle then I should be able to move him up stairs after dinner tomorrow. He needs to be up, walking around before I can move him.”

    I state as I tie his gown back together.

    “Even though he seems asleep I’m going to distract him as you give those shots. Enough time has passed for us to get back   to Jamie. He should be fairly numb by now.”

    She nods in agreement as she picks the syringes up off the bed as she sits behind his back. I take the stool next to Jamie, who’s practically sleeping himself. and run my hand through Cole’s hair. To my surprise, he opens his eyes.

    “I didn’t think you werepletely asleep. Are you upset that I looked at your rear without asking?”

    He shakes his head as he whispers.

    “No, only…. a matter… of time….. before…. you saw.”

     “ Ang is going to give you those shots she talked about. Stay rxed. You won’t feel much.”

    He nods his head as he closes his eyes again. I slide my hand into his. It’s faint and slow but I can feel the steady rhythm of his hand gently squeezing mine as Ang cleans his arm with alcohol before wiping the same area down with the lidocaine.

    “Would you like me to count before the stick?”

    He makes the thumb down sign with his free hand before taking a deep breath. He still has a decent wheeze going on but I smile at  how  deep he  was  able to go. 

    “No, Ang. Just go ahead with them while he’s still rxed.”

    He flinches slightly with the first stick but was practically asleep with the second. It’s as Jamison and I get up that Cole grabs Jamie’s hand.

    “I don’t think…. it will do…. much…. but you can… tell what…. little you’ve seen.”

    There’s a look of shock on Jamie’s face as we walk back to the bed to take care of him.

    Jamie stays quiet as we approach the bed. I can tell by his numbers that Cole fell asleep during the short walk from one side of the room to the other. I’m grateful that he’s finally rxed enough with us that he’s finally able to rest. Hopefully we can leave him be for a solid two hours without having to

    introduce something new to him.

    “Go ahead and kick your shoes off. This is going to take a while, that’s why you’re getting thefy bed. If you don’t mind, I’d like to ask some questions about what went on in the dining hall with Das.”

    Jamison shrugs his shoulders.

    “I don’t mind. I have nothing to lose ,  right?”

    “I don’t like sending prospects home early, especially when you’ve barely been here a day. Being honest with me will make the process of figuring out who started the fight a whole lot easier. So I would say nothing to lose but something to gain.”

    “I thought you automatically went home for fighting? ”  

    “Council rules for prospects dictate that assault at any time while you’re outside your own territory is grounds for dismissal but ,  they say nothing about selt

    defense.  I  have a long standing rule that I don’t punish wolves for defending themselves . ”

    “So you found a loophole?”

    Ang has started with the deepestyer of stitching causing Jamison to startle. I can tell by his eyes that he’s ufortable with what he feels going on.

    “Jamie,” I try to call him back to me. When he makes  eye  contact I smile gently trying to rea downpletely.”

    him. “Be honest .  Does it hurt ?  Sometimes it doesn’t  numb  

    A sudden yelp answers my question before he can, with persisting whimpers following beh 1 grab hold of his hands as Ang finishes the stitch she’s

    working on before standing and leaving the bed.

    “I’m sorry, Jamison. These deep cuts can be quite tricky to getpletely numb. Hold still. I’m going to hit a few more ces.”

    He squeezes my hands hard as she injects lidocaine into several more  spots , rxing slowly as she hits areas that have numbed nicely.

    “I’m going to leave you a few minutes to let that set in. Getting x–rays of  Cole’s  ribs shouldn’t take long. ”  
###Chapter   64  

     As  she takes off across the room setting everything up for the x–ray I turn my attention hack to Jamile.

    Are you doing okay ? ”

    “Yeah,” he nods his head. “Alpha, why do stitches hurt worse than busting my head open?”

    I can’t help but chuckle lightly.

    *Adrenaline. It reduces your perception of pain while increasing your strength and stamina but once it dies down you’re left kind of wimpy.

    He nods his head again as he looks towards Cole. Ang manages the x–ray nicely without even touching Cole: It’s only when she hooks a syringe  into   has  IV that he stirs ufortably. She bends down towards his ear with her hand on the back of his head as she speaks, calming what little fight he has

    “What did you give him?” I ask when she walks back over.

    “A small amount of Vicodin instead of vicoprofen. Acetaminophen blocks pain while ibuprofen reduces inmmation. I was trying to avoid the

    acetaminophen because of the damage to his liver but I’m just going to have to monitor his liver closely for a bit. I don’t want him to be in any unnecessary pain.”

    “Thank you, Ang.”

    “For what?”

    “Your kindness towards him.”

    “I’m a doctor just like you Demetri, it’s my job to help.”

    “I don’t think every doctor thinks that way. Not based on what he tells  us  of his  stays  at Red General.”

    “He’s had a hard road to travel. He deserves a little kindness in his life.”

    I nod my head as she sits back down on the stool by Jamie’s head.

    “All right Jamie, shall I try this again?”

    He grabs hold of my hands and closes his eyes as he lets out a quiet, nervous whine.

    “You asked about a loophole in the council’s rules on assault a minute ago.”

    I decide to try and distract him  as  Ang gets started again.

    “Yes sir.”

    I can hear the nervousness in his voice .  I gently start rubbing the tops of his hands trying to get him to rx as he squeezes me with the first stitch.

    “These shouldn’t hurt Jamie. If you feel anything outside of tugging and pressure then you need to tell Demetri or I.”

    “Yes, ma’am. I don’t feel pain. I’m just nervous that I’m going to feel it again.”

    “I’m sorry about that. I should have checked the area better before starting.”

    “ Try  to ,  rx Jamie. ”  

    I  give  his hand a gentle squeeze. I watch him closely as he starts taking some deeper breaths. Ang is working quickly now and  he   appears   to   not   be   in   any  pain .  

     “  Are  you doing better?  Are  you ready to talk a bit? ”  

       Yes   sir  .   I   think   I’m  okay.

    “To answer your question, it’s not a loophole. Simr to humanws, assault is charged when one or more individuals engage in fighties counter inje Just like humans, if you can prove self defense, you will get a lesser charge if you get one at all.*

    “So if I can prove he started it I might get to stay a bit longer.”

    “Sort of. You tell me your side of what happened. Andrew, Richard, and Das will also get the opportunity to tell their sides as well. I’ll go mar seulty footage of the event and decide from there who’s telling me the truth.”

    “Well there’s not much I can really say. Das was talking shit about Cole. I told him to stop. That he doesn’t know Cole and that Cole    would  never do what the rumors im. He started talking shit towards me so I tried to leave. I was going to wait outside until you or one of the alpha trainers showed .  Richard i Das’s best friend. He grabbed me and shoved me into Das. Das then shoved me into the wall before hitting me in the gut. Andrew tried to step in hort Richard hit him before he could get to me. At some point Das mmed my head into the corner of the table. That’s when he got me    on  the  ground   and   1  couldn’t get up until you came.”

    “Thank you Jamie. As I said, everything will be verified by video feed but I have no reason to doubt you right now.”

     “ Yes sir. Thank you.”

    He grows quiet as we listen to Cole’s soft whimpers. Sadness is in his eyes as he looks towards his friend without moving his head.

    “He’s been abused for a long time, alpha. Yet he’s hesitant to talk about what happens to him . ”

    “How did you get to know him so well? It seems like his father has managed to turn the entire pack against him.”

    “Most of the pack, yes, but not all. He has weird behaviors about him. Tics my dad calls them. Some are benign and  easy  to ignore but others are….. well….. more extreme.”

###Chapter   65  

     I’m  intrigued by his honesty about Cole and I desire more information but the young man seems hesitant to divulge too much about his  friend .

     “ Nothing you tell me will change how I treat Cole. What are these tics you’re talking about? I have noticed that he has a liking for rhythmic moverents  when  he’s stressed but he hasn’t been active enough for me to see anything else .  ”  

    “I don’t know what triggers it and we only saw it once during the eighteen months he lived with us but…… He came back from one of his monthly visits with his dad in really bad shape. The worst we had seen over the six months he had been there at the time. Dad pushed him   to tell him what happened but instead of talking he got angry. Dad kept pushing until he put his fist through the wall. He ran away from us. Stayed away for several hours, he didn’t be  back untilte that night. When he came back both his hands were in bad shape. Red, swollen and bleeding. He had a bad cut to his forehead, simr  to   the  one you’re fixing on me and the back of his head was busted open too. When dad asked what happened all he was willing to say was that the cave wall  won  .  Dad never pushed for answers again.”

    “Self injury?”

    “We guessed as much but dad decided that pushing for answers did more harm so he didn’t .  ”  

    “Did your dad take him to the hospital?”

    “No. Cole refused to go. Mom’s a nurse and dad has training as a medic so they used those  skills   to  patch him up at home. Dad cut his hair really short so he could glue the cuts together. It hurt him a lot but somehow he never screamed. Mom cleaned his hands but couldn’t do much for  the  broken bones. We all know that he doesn’t heal like the rest of us  so  she was quite lost. Dad refused to let him work for two weeks and gave him light stuff for two weeks after that. We never saw anything like it afterwards. Dad simply took  care   of  whatever condition Cole returned in after his mandatory visits with his dad.”

    “Why did your dad let him go?”

    “Cole was only eighteen so not considered 100 percent adult yet. It took my dad  six  months  to  convince Alpha Redmen  to   allow  Cole to have a real apprenticeship, where he moves in with his teacher, so he was willing to agree to just about anything as long  as  he could get Cole out of the pack house .  ”  

    “Sounds like your dad may have known more about Cole’s issues with his dad then most of  the  wolves in the pack.”

    “More along the line of having a willingness to listen and believe Cole over his father. There were several times while Cole had just started working with dad when he showed upte. He became extremely submissive when my dad chastised him. Dad said he’s never seen an alpha so submissive .  Said Cole refused to look at him, even after he calmed down. He was rmed when  Cole  stepped away from him when he tried to approach him. That he dropped to his  knees  in hard submission when he tried touching him. He was so afraid of my dad that his entire body shook and he struggled to breathe properly.  It  was after the third time Cole reacted that way that dad decided Cole needed toe live with us. It took  six  months but he made it happen. Unfortunately he couldn’t fully protect him but it did give us some insight as to who Cole really is.”

    “When he’s not sick or afraid, who is Cole?”

    “He’s very kind and considerate.  He  loves working in the nursery.  He  calls the pups the littles. That’s how  we  got to  see  the best of him, alpha. When he yed with my little sisters and brother. He would sit on the floor with them and justugh. There was no fear ,  no hesitation. He was able to push aside everything negative about his life and just live in the moment with them. It took awhile for mom and dad to  see  past the pedophile rumor.

###Chapter   66  

    I don’t think they trusted him fully until they were injured in a training exercise and they got stuck in the hospital all night. Alpha never called the nursery center to inform them or us of the situation. Cole took it upon himself to get my siblings from the nursery and walk them home. He cooked all of us  dinner  and insisted on everyone taking baths. He was really torn about that one. He knew that mom and dad bathed them every night before bed but he was dann near in a panic attack just thinking about bathing them. I tried to convince him that it was okay for them to skip one bath. It was really hard because I had never seen him that way. He kept insisting that keeping them to their normal schedule would help them sleep, so I told him I would stay with him and  help  him. I didn’t know how much help I could provide but if it calmed his nerves about caring for them I was willing to be there.”

    “How old were all of you when he was there?”

    “Cole was eighteen, I was fifteen, Caitlyn was five, Brittany was three and Jeramy was one.”

    “Quite a bit of space between you and Caitlyn.”

    “ I  was a rape baby.”

    “Oh.” I’m taken aback by how calmly he said it, as if it wasn’t that big of a deal.

    “Alpha Redmen has some fucked upws that still allow women to be abused. Twenty–five percent of pups born there are from sanctioned rape. Half of those pups grow up without their biological dad, but alpha gives the she–wolves that keep their pup a monthly allowance so they aren’t as financially burdened and the pup stays in the pack.

    I was five when mom met her fated mate. He’s the only dad I’ve ever known and he’s good to me. Loves me like my siblings so I don’t know anything different anymore but it took mom a long time to have sex with him. She hadn’t been with anyone before my bio dad and no matter how hard she tried to break up with him he refused to leave. It was only when she proved to alpha that she was three months pregnant that he stopped bio from the weekly rapes. That’s when Alpha Redmen started sending her money and it will stop in a few months when I turn twenty–one. He takes care of me better than Cole.”

    He looks over af Cole as Ang cleans up the garbage left from the stitches. I follow his gaze  as   I  hear the soft whimpersing from across the room.

    “I’m going to hook him up with some form for that ng–tube. Do you want to try and calm him?”

    I give her a nod as I help Jamie get off the bed. We head over to Cole and Jamie takes a seat on the stool still by the bed. I slide my hand again into Cole’s as I start rubbing his hair.

    “Hey Cole. Are you okay?”

    “Hungry.” I barely hear him squeak.

    “We figured as much. Ang’s warming up some form. We’re going to use the tube so you can sleep through it.”

    He squeezes my hand hard as he whines.

    “Please no….. tube…. feeds….. hurt….”

    He’s gasping hard again as his anxiety stirs. I lean down into him  as   I  speak hoping that my closeness will give himfort.

    “I promise the tube was ced properly. There will be no pain.”

    Just as I finish speaking Ang has hung a decent sized portion of the form and connected it to the feeding tube. It only takes a few seconds for him to  feel  the warmth of the form drifting through the tube. He stiffens up badly as his body begins to shake .  I’m rmed by the sudden change in his demeanor towards the tube. He handled having the/tube ced a lot better than this feed.

    “It’s okay Cole. Concentrate on what you feel. I promise you there’s no pain with this.”

    He slows his movements enough for me to know he’s testing my word, he wants it to be true .   As  the level of form falls I can feel him start to rx.

     “  Are  you starting to feel better now ?  ”  

    I ask him gently. He nods his head slowly as his  eyes  start to ze over and his eyelids start to droop.

    “ Don’t  fight the sleep Cole ,   you   need  it.”

    Slowly his body rxes as his eyes fully close and his hand finally releases me from his grasp.

    “Hopefully this willst you a bit longer than that  soup .”

    “ I  liked… the soup.”

    I chuckle softly  as  I smile. “We were hoping you would. I’ll be back in two hours to help you eat more,  Get  some sleep.”

    He doesn’t take long to drift off again as  he’s bforted by the warm form gently filling his belly. I look at Jamison

    as  my  own  stomach  growls.

    “How about  we  go get some lunch and  take  it back to my office ?  I’d like to get you to finish up your stories about Cole and the Red Fang  pack  .  ”  I  exin  as we head out the door.
###Chapter67

    Jamison and I stop by the kitchen inside the pack house. Any leftovers from lunch are packed up and stored in the refrigerators we have set up in there. I open the door and pull out a dish, setting it on the counter. Peeling back the foil, Ie acrosssagna, one of my favorites. I pull out several more dishes to reveal broli with cheese and a te of the standard grilled meats; hotdogs, hamburgers, and a variety of different sausages.

    We try to appeal to everyone who may decide to eat at the dining and banquet halls by having a main dish with vegetables, potatoes, pasta and meat  The  pack is big enough that food rarely goes to waste. Dinner is the only meal that my family eats together, separate from the pack. Most nights my  beta   and  his son join us. My delta, Anthony and his family, will join when I have important information that he needs to be briefed on. Everyone in the pack knows they cane in the kitchen and heat up leftovers if they get hungry or miss lunch. I pull three tes from the cab and start dishing out food for Lilly  and  L

    “Grab yourself what you want while I put these in the microwave.”

    I invite Jamison. He gives me a respectful nod with a quiet thanks as he grabs a couple sausages and cheeseburgers with a side of broli.

    “Will that be enough for you?”

    “Yes sir. This will hold me until dinner.”

    With that I start putting everything away as I wait for the food to heat. We head to my office once Jamison’s food is ready. I hand him my te so I can unlock the door. My luna is inside and quite vulnerable right now. I step inside my office  as   I  open the door, directing Jamie to my desk.

    “Take a seat at my desk but stay out of my chair. I’m going to check on Luna, you stay out here .  “ –

    “Yes sir.”

    His voice is quiet but respectful as he sits in the chair in front of my desk. I stand at the door to the bedroom until he’s eating, entering quietly.

    I ce her te on the nightstand before crawling into the bed with her. She’sying on her side facing me but her breathing is steady and even  reassuring  me that she’s still sleeping. I wrap my arms around her, drawing her close as she  stirs  awake.

    “How are you doing ,  Lilly?”

    “It still hurts .  ”  She whimpers as she snuggles into my neck.

    “I’m sorry baby. I should’ve anticipated your reaction better.”

    “It’s not your fault. You were just caught up in the moment like any mate should be. It’s not as bad  as  the

     first  time we tied and I flipped out.”

    badly f

    “I don’t remember much of our first time together. I allowed my wolf to take over so I wasn’tpletely there.  I’ve  always believed that I raped you that

    first time.”

    “Is that why it took you two years to touch me again?” I nod my head as I gently touch her face.

    “No Demetri, you have never harmed me in such a way.”

    She whispers  as   she  gently kisses my lips, my wolf purrs softly with the contact. Her kisses  are  slow and sluggish but I still feel the underlying need and desire within them. I deepen the kiss, gently nipping her lip, slipping my tongue inside when she gasps. I guide her gently to her back, caressing her naked body.  I  spend just a few minutes like this with her until she’s finally awake enough to eat. I back out of our heated kiss slowly until I finally break it off.

     “  As  much as I’m enjoying this and ultimately want more, I think it’s time you eat something and I get back to the young man in my office.” She stiffens  at  the thought of mystment.

    “Rx Lilly, he knows not toe in.”

    I whisper against her lips before sitting up beside her. She gives me a smile and a nod as she runs her fingers down the side of my face. I smile before  giving  her a final kiss and climbing off the bed. I walk  over  to her clothes still on the floor and gather them before returning to her. I  help  her back into her  dress  before taking her te to the small desk inside the room.

    “Are  you  ok or do you want to eat with Jamison and I?”

###Chapter  68  

    “You  have  another from Red Fang you’re interested in?”

    “I don’t know. He’s a friend of Cole’s and Cole gave him permission to talk, so I’m trying to figure out who Cole is as well as how bad things are for  him  .   1   have  a bad feeling that I’m going to need to contact Xavier on this. I need to find out if there’s any way to pull Cole from his pack like I would a wolf under twenty–one.”

    She pulls her seat up to the desk and takes her first bite of food before speaking again.

    “Do you really feel that Cole is that bad off?”

    “I found more marks on him, Lilly. His back and his rear are as bad as his chest. He has a really bad bruise along his ribs that I asked Ang to do X–rays on. He did extremely well with having the feeding tube ced but was nearly in tears when we wanted to use it because it’s been misced so many times he knew that getting fed through it was going to hurt him”

    “Did it?”

    “No. We did it right. Outside of feeling the warmth of the form running through it ,  he didn’t feel anything but I had to stay and keep him calm and submissive until he realized that was all he was going to feel.”

    She nods her head as she eats. She definitely seems to be doing betterpared with this morning.

    “I’m okay Demetri. You talk with Jamison and I will sneak out the back.”

    “Are you certain? You really should take it  easy  today. Ang said it was  a   bad  tear.  I  don’t want you working  today  .  You need to rest.”

    She ces her hand on the side of my face before giving me a long chaste  kiss .

    “I’m fine. I’ll take it easy and  see  you at dinner.”

    With another kiss I nod my head.

    “I love you Lilly. Let me know how you’re doing the  rest  of the day.  Ang is bing to our room around nine. ”  

    “I love you too.”

    I’m finding it difficult to separate from her for the first time in years. It feels like a whole new rtionship has formed with her willingness to finally share what happened to her over twenty years ago. I wrap my arms around her from behind, pulling her shoulders back against my chest. I bend down to bury my nose into her neck getting treated to the alluring scent of my  new  mark sending waves of the perfect mix of both our scents into my nose. My wolf purrs lightly  as  I hold her close, kissing her cheek before  I  finally let go.

    “I don’t want to leave .  ”  

    “I know how you feel but we still have work to do. White Fang and White Moon packs arrive  today  at four.”

    “Patrick said that the Blue Moon pack wasing.”

    She shakes her head as she exins. “There was a mix up in the schedule. Red Fang, White Fang and White Moon are the farthest packs that participate so they alwayse first. Blue Moon and Purple Mountain will be here tomorrow. This is the first time we will have Blue Fang and Blue Mountain here, theye Thursday and Red and Yellow Mountain pack members will be here Friday. I think every wolf you invited came this time.”

    “That’s a  first . Do you remember the breakdown ?  

     “ Seventy–five males and forty–five females. Do we have enough housing?”

    “Yes. I never invite more than 120 prospects. Although this is definitely a first that they all responded.  I’ve  got three apartment buildings  with   sixty   rooms   in  each, plus I’ve got two prospects that will be leaving Friday due to fighting.”

    “ Is  that why Jamison is in your office ? ”
     “  Yes  .   Das , one  of  the wolves degrading Cole for his asthma  issues  ,  got into a fight  with  Jamison .   Jamison  got his forehead split  open   when  Das mmed  him  into a table in the dining hall so Patrick ended up taking him to Ang for stitches. I took him to the kitchen to grab  some  lunch before bing  here–

     She  nods  as  she speaks again. “You should go enjoy your lunch.”

     “  Since  you’ve finished yours how about I walk you to the door. Please don’t hesitate to rest .  You went through a lot this morning .  ”  

     “  I  will Demetri.” She gives me another kiss  as  we head to the bedroom door.
###Chapter   69  

    I  walk  out  of  the bedroom with Lilly, throwing her paper te in the garbage as we pass it on our way to the door. Jamison has finished his  lunch  ,  cleaned up his te and is calmly ying a game on his smartphone.

    “I’ll see you at dinner.” Lilly whispers as she kisses my lips.

    “I love you.”

    She smiles as she leaves out the door. I watch her walk down the hall until she disappears around the corner into the central area of  the  pack house.  I  close the door and turn back to my desk.

    “Are you still willing to talk?”

     “ Yes sir. What would you like to know?”

    “Let’s finish the story of when Cole took care of you and your siblings. Last thing you mentioned was him wanting to keep your siblings routine in your parents absence but had a difficult time psychologically with bathing a five, three, and one year old pups. You said your parents had a hard  time  with getting past the pedophile rumors that were going around about him.”

    “Yes sir. Dad was less concerned than mom. He had more of an open mind towards him when he realized how rough he had it. While  he  was fighting with Alpha Redmen to allow Cole to have a real carpentry apprenticeship, which included living with us, he was also fighting with mom over the same thing. I remember there being a lot ofte nights where they argued over it. How dad repeatedly reassured her that he would never have that kind of ess to the younger kids. He pointed out consistently how he felt Cole was being abused and wanted to give him a break from such treatment. Mom still  wasn’t bpletely on board when Alpha Redmen caved and allowed Cole to move in with the condition that he report for “special training ”  on the fifteenth of every month.”

    “But she obviously let him move in.”

    “Yes sir. She wasn’t very happy and acted very distant and cold towards him. It affected him in a really bad way. He was always ufortably silent  when  he was around everyone. It was as if he was afraid to make a mistake. You never heard him when he was in the house and it took him  six  months before he really came out of his room.”

    “So for six months you never saw him?”

    “Once he started living with us dad never had another issue with him showing upte. He learned the skills of a carpenter quickly and easily. I would often hear dad talk to mom about how impressed he was with Cole and his ability to pick up new skills  so  easily. He oftenmented on how it seemed like Cole was two different people. As he gained confidence in the skills dad was teaching him he became more personable. The more he learned the more he wanted to know. Even started talking to him while on the job but he always shut down when he came home.  For  the first  six  months, he woulde in, take a shower, sit at the table and eat dinner with us. While dad talked about his day Cole stayed silent. He never took a lot of food and barely ate what he took. Rarely did he ever look at anyone while at the table. If you asked him a question he would answer but his answers were either straightforward and to the point or vague, as if he really didn’t want to talk about the subject.

    Unlike his siblings, he was always polite and thoughtful with his answers. He had been with us for seven months when the ident happened with mom and dad. He had just started the month before ying with my sisters in the evening. They loved him within the first month of him being there but it took him six months to start sitting on the floor with them. You could tell how difficult it was for him to stay away and they didn’t make it easy on him to maintain  a  distance. I too always held a cautious eye on him but I never once saw him lose his cool. For a teenager without kids he has incredible patience towards the Hittle ones. The ident happened the day he had training with his father. I could tell by the way he spoke and moved around that he wasn’t feeling well but he always put on the facade of being okay.
###Chapter   70  

    So we made it through the bath. He did all three of them in the tub at the same time. He washed Jerry first before pulling him out ,   putting  him in towel and handing him to me with just a diaper on. I held him while he coached the girls on how to wash but it became very clear that Caitlyn  was   very  inefficient and Brittany was unable. I could see his hands shaking when he put the soap on the cloth to wash them. I guess he was hoping he wouldn’t have to touch them. He was very quiet and obviously ufortable while he worked with them. The only things that he said  were   simple bmands to get them the way he needed as quickly as possible. I don’t know what gave me the impression but I swear he wanted to cry while bathing them.”

    “ He  was that afraid of bathing them?”

    Jamie starts nodding his head. “Of touching them while they were naked. Yes, I think so. They picked up on it too. Both of them tried tofort  him   but  he refused them. They ended up crying when he got angry with them. He felt bad but he just wanted to get them done. He got them dressed and we watched the show we always watch before their 8pm bedtime. The girls had been getting antsy all night and simply didn’t want to sleep without knowing what happened to mom and dad. Even Jerry was unusually difficult to put down. He ended up putting a bunch of nkets on the floor of the girls ‘  room  and bid on the floor with Jerry .  I don’t think he meant to fall asleep but he did so I cleaned up the kitchen and bathroom before going to bed.

    It was midnight when mom and dad both woke me asking what he did to the kids. I was still asleep and very confused by the question .   I  got mad at them. Asked them what did they mean, what did he do? He took care of them. He cooked dinner, gave them a bath, and watched their favorite show  before  putting them to bed.

    Cole woke up as soon as dad took Jerry and gave him to mom. They went to the room we  gave  to Cole while mom put Jerry in his crib. We both went back to Cole’s room and stood outside the door. I don’t remember the entire conversation but what I do remember I don’t think I could ever forget.”

     “ What happened?”

    “I remember dad sounding concerned. When mom and I got to just outside the door Cole was in a panic attack. We could hear it in  his  voice. He kept telling dad that he needed to take his belt off and beat him. Cole was begging dad to beat him and dad didn’t understand why. Every time Cole said that  he   needed  to be beat my dad asked why. Cole repeatedly said that he saw the kids naked. That he touched them. Dad asked in what  way  did he touch them  and  Cole told him that he washed them because they didn’t know how to. Dad tried so hard to convince him that washing them was an eptable form of touch  since  they couldn’t quite do it yet but the begging continued anyway. Dad kept repeating why until Cole finally yelled at him. His voice was frustrated and desperate for dad to understand. He yelled “because  I  can’t handle another beating from my father. If you think I did something wrong then you need  to  beat me for it. It doesn’t matter if I actually did it. Just please don’t tell my dad. I’ll strip down naked,y on the bed and you put as much strength as you have into that belt around your waist. I won’t yelp or scream. I won’t wake the kids. Please just don’t tell dad.”

    He was hysterical, crying uncontrobly and wheezing badly. Mom and I didn’t look into the room until dad told him to strip down. Mom was going to intervene but stopped suddenly. I guess dad linked her. Cole was too panicked to see us standing in the doorway .  It was very painful for him to strip himself of his clothes and dad had to stop him fromying down.”

    “Your dad beat him standing up?”

     I  can see tears forming in Jamie’s eyes as he continues. Shaking his head he starts again.

    “No. Dad didn’t beat him at all but for some reason acting like he  was  going to calmed Cole briefly. Dad was very gentle with his voice when talking to Cole once he was naked. The same marks that are on his chest now are the same as the ones we saw on his back, rear and the back of his thighs. Dad tried to count the number of strikes but they were so crisscrossed together that he couldn’t. He fought with dad when he was told to turn around. I nearly threw  up  when he finally did. His chest ,  the front of his thighs, even his privates were torn up badly. Mom was the one that held me and kept me from losing my dinner. I couldn’t look at him anymore after that.”
###Chapter  71

    The tears were finally falling as Jamie remembered that night with his friend.

    “His manhood was purple with red cuts. Painfully swollen unlike anything I had  ever  seen. I saw tears in his eyes when he turned to show dad. For the first time he was fully exposed to us and he was breaking down because of it. He didn’t want us to know. I heard his voice crack as he apologized. Over and  over  he was sorry for disrupting our peaceful home. He felt like he had brought his hell to us. That we didn’t deserve to be exposed to the brutality that’s part  of  his life. He thanked us for our hospitality but he wasn’t going toplete the apprenticeship. He had exposed us to too much of his problems and he had to go. He couldn’t expose us to anything more and his father will only get worse.

    He started trying to get around dad. He was determined to leave but his movements were slow and easily blocked by my dad. It was only when he saw mom and I in the doorway that hepletely gave up. He copsed against my dad and bawled. Dad ended up asking mom to fix a salt bath which made Cole  cry  even worse. I remember dad trying tofort him. He told him ‘I know the salt burns open wounds badly but you’re not doing it alone. I will get in the tub with you if it’s okay with you.”

    “How did Cole respond to your dad’s willingness to help?”

    I give Jamie a chance to collect himself. It seems like this ordeal with Cole has affected him quite deeply.

    “He thanked him. Told him he can’t do the salt bath on his own. Dad had me take Cole’s dirty clothes to his hamper. Told me that Cole wasn’t going to be moving around much after the bath. I noticed blood on every piece of clothes in my hands. I couldn’t help but cry silently for him. After mom came out of the bathroom dad asked me to close all the bedroom doors. So I did. Closed Cole’s room when I left, the main bath was next to his room, then the girls‘ room before reaching baby Jeramy’s room where I slept too. By the time I got back into Cole’s room dad was helping him into the tub. My mom grabbed hold of me before  I  could get into the bathroom with them. The worst sound I’ve ever heard echoed through the room. I had never heard a human’s screambined with a wolf’s yelp before but the pain it carried was beyond anything I couldprehend at the time.

    It only took a minute or two before he settled down into quiet whimpers but goddess it felt like hours.  I  cried like a baby in my mom’s arms just as she did in mine. The rtionship between Cole and my parents changed a lot that night. Dad stayed for over an hour in the salt water,forting him the best he could. He had Cole dress in a robe since it was the easiest thing to put on and helped him into bed. I think it was 2am by then. They took time off. The beta was already expecting it because of the ident. The doctor at General had already told Alpha Redmen and Beta Andrew that they needed off the rest of the week but they had insisted in the hospital that they were okay. Otherwise I don’t think he would have needed to call. Since it was an ident during training Beta Andrew told him they would still get paid and could still use the nursery for child care. He knew that caring for young kids while hurt would dy the healing process. Dad repeated the salt bath three more times that day.

    For three days Cole was either sleeping or in the salt bath. He hardly ate anything and mom even had a hard time getting him to drink the protein shakes. He did good with water though. It was on the fourth day that he really started moving around on his own. He stayed in his room most of the day but managed his salt baths on his own and ended up feeling well enough that he joined us for dinner. He  was  still quite stressed but we all tried to take  his  mind off what had happened.


###Chapter   72  

    Almost a weekter mom surprised all of us by giving a lot of Jeramy’s care to Cole. He was a nervous wreck but they tried to ease him into the responsibility by hanging out around him while he was caring for Jeramy without intervening after the first week. Seeing and feeling this level  of  trust from them changed him. We got to see who Cole really was once his confidence rose. Once he understood that no one in my family was going to hurt him ,  reject him, betray him, he truly changed for the better but just as he warned, the more rxed he became with us the worse things got with his father.”

    I hand Jamie a bottle of water, gently encouraging him to take a break .  Telling his perspective of Cole’s stay with him is mentally  and  physically  draining  for thed but I’m after every minute of information that he provides. After several swallows he starts again.

    “Dad started examining Cole after every visit with his father. Cole didn’t like it and resisted at first, but the morefortable he became with us the  easier  these exams became. Three monthster his father demanded a meeting with him the first of every month as well as the fifteenth. He told dad that Cole  was  falling behind in his warrior training. Dad said he knew it was a lie but never exined to me why he felt that way. At the one year mark of being with us, Alpha changed his demands again. He made Cole meet with him every Thursday. We only had about three months to see the real Cole. It seems like  as  soon as he showed any happiness, any peace his father found a way to destroy it.

    Thest six months he was with us, dad kept his work light. The weekly beatings from Alpha Redmen kept him in constant pain and the pain served as a constant reminder of why he should be afraid. I would find mom or dad holding him in the middle of the night. They said he was experiencing night terrors from all the abuse.

    We all cried the day he moved back to the pack house. Dad gave him an enchanted key .  I’m not certain how it works but as an experienced carpenter dad is popr even among witches, warlocks, vampires and the sort so he got Cole a key to our house that to  everyone  else looks like a desk ornament. We didn’t see him for a long time after he left. I tried to run into him but I had a hard time finding him. I got angry with him. Really angry. I felt like he was avoiding me, avoiding us after everything we did for him. Dad and mom were a bit more understanding but I wasn’t. I started channeling my anger into beating up anyone who crossed me. After four months my parents started taking me to a therapist inside the White Moon pack. She said that I had gotten very attached to Cole and seeing the severity of abuse that Cole was suffering with had caused PTSD. I was put on medication for a while. I only recently came off them.”

    “Was that thest you saw of Cole ? ”

    He shakes his head. “No. Although the beating that led to him exposing the hell he was enduring never happened to that extent again while he was with us he did end up using the key. About six months after he left he starteding in the middle of the night. It was usually when alpha was extremely stressed and was using him as a personal punching bag for weeks at a time that he woulde stay with us for a few days. I think he came three or four times over year’s time frame.

###Chapter  73

    It was two years after he moved out when mom found him in really bad shape in the bed they left in Jeramy’s room. Both his eyes were inset  med  vasklen shut. There was a lot of swelling and blood all over his face and hands. Goddess he screamed as soon as my dad touched him. Dad hele me from Have pers because I started falling apart seeing him like that. Dad exined that with his eyes swollen like they are he’s blind so he’s going to be motzeran20 fear response. If I felt I could handle it he really needed my help getting Cole into a salt bath. I pulled it together and went back to the rota managed to calm him down, got him talking to her. She exined that Alpha had been beating him daily for thest six weeks. Alpha had done he knew he just had to hang in there until whatever was angering the Alpha subsided. Unfortunately, that day was one where Cole got called to the four times and by thest one that evening he didn’t have the stamina to avoid his father’s hits. Cole managed to find his way to our house and in. He knew when his eyes started swelling that he needed to get somewhere safe and we were the only ones he knew would take care of him. After exined all that he very quietly apologized for screaming. He said he was in a lot of pain and it was hard to control his response to touch when see what’s going on.

    We got him up and took him to my room. He was crying by the time I got his clothes off of him. His chest and abdomen were various colors of ck, bine, purple and brown. His back, butt and the backs of his thighs were even worse. He had the ssic stripes of being beaten and cut by the belt alpha used all over his body. Everything looked to be in various stages of healing. I thought the first time dad put him in the salt bath was bad.”

    Jamie stops in the middle of his story, tears are streaming down his face at the memory. I can only imagine what this young man witnessed when he starts again, his voice cracking with emotion.

    “He screamed alpha. Goddess he screamed in pain from the salt. He fought against my father. Tried like hell to get out. He begged and cried unlike  anything  I had ever seen. I left. I couldn’t stand hearing him scream. I ran into Jerry’s room, closed the door and buried myself into the pillow. I cried like the day my grandfather died. I held my hands over my ears as I could still hear his screaming through the closed door of my brother’s room. I didn’t dare go back  into  the bathroom until he was done.

    When I could no longer hear him I went back into my room. Mom looked like she had been crying and was sitting in the doorway of the bathroom. Even dad had tears in his eyes. Somehow Cole ended up getting turned around. He was sitting in dad’sp. His legs were wrapped around dad’s waist, his arms draped over his shoulders. His head was tucked into my dad’s neck, red streaks lined his face and more were slowly falling from his eyes. Dad had his hand in his hair on the back of his head. His voice was soft and gentle as he spoke. I embarrassed myself but the first question I asked was if Cole sitting naked in hisp felt awkward. I was so…. so….”

    “Distressed.”

    He nods his head as he takes a drink of water before epting a handful of tissues.

    “Dad encouraged me to touch him but I didn’t know how, I was afraid of hurting him more but dad took my hand and put it in his hair anyway. He shift slightly in dad’sp causing him to whimper. I took my hand away from him but his voice stopped me part way.”

    “What did he want?”

    ALICUIT
###Chapter   74  

    “For me to stay. I barely heard him but he said ‘please don’t leave me Jamie.‘ I told him I wasn’t and asked about his hand, asked if it would  hurt   him  if held it. He told me no and held his hand open until I put my hand in his. Dad told me that Cole wasn’t happy about it as he’s  very  afraid of the hospital  but   he  had convinced Cole to go to the hospital. He needed my help to get Cole out of the tub and into at least a robe for the ride to the hospital .   He   tried   to  hold back his pain but he couldn’t do it. He yelped repeatedly every time he moved. He yelped when I touched his leg to guide him out of the  tub  .  He  truly  was blind and struggled with everything he did but dad managed to get a robe on him and together we got him in the car.

    Dad had to drive slow because every bump we hit hurt him badly. It took longer than normal to get there but as soon as we did dad ran inside  and   got   Dr.  Carter. As soon as the doctor saw him he ran back in and grabbed a wheelchair. With dad’s help he got out of the car and inside the hospital.  I   was   almost  eighteen by that time so I parked the car before going inside too. By the time I found them Cole was in a room in an absolute panic. Dad had to  keep  talking to him because every time dad moved he thought it was the nurse doing something to him.

    Once dad got him to trade the robe for the gown he encouraged Cole to wrap himself around him. Toy on him like he had in the tub. It helped Cole a  lot . Such a simple thing as being held. Being touched without being harmed. It seemed foreign to him, yet soforting. Dad got very protective of Cole .  Every time a nurse came in with restraints he turned them away. One nurse tried twice to do the IV. After the second failure he ended up cussing her  because   she   was  ming Cole when Cole was being very cooperative.”

     “ Did they give up on putting one in?”

    a

    slower pace. Dr. Carter exined  to  “No. Dr. Carter came in and put one in near his ankle. He yelped and cried badly but he got it in. I was the one to point out the medication was hurting him. I was surprised when the doctor listened. He stopped and waited for Cole to calm down before giving him more at dad everything that needed to be done to find out the full extent of his injuries but Cole kept saying no, that his budget wouldn’t allow for such expensive tests to be done and would lead to his dad finding out that he went to the hospital. That’s when dad told him and Dr. Carter that the money to pay  for  his care was toe from my ount with the hospital.”

    “I thought medical care was budgeted?”

    “It is. I don’t know where the fundse from or how things are determined but every wolf in  the  pack receives  a  certain amount every year and what  isn’t  used by the end of the year rolls over to the next year. I wasn’t ident prone  so  my hospital funds were quite high. Once Dr. Carter understood how genuine dad’s concern for Cole was he actually introduced himself as Alex and really went into details about each item as they came up. Dad stayed with Cole through everything. He talked to Cole during the CAT scan and MRI, stayed the night to help him use the bathroom and to eat. He ended up cussing several nurses because they kept bringing in a catheter and feeding tube. Dad figured out very quickly why Cole was terrified of the hospital.

    Cole was in the hospital for a week. The only injuries I heard mentioned was that  every  single rib was bruised and broken in multiple ces, he had a fractured skull, a fractured eye socket and a small amount of swelling in his brain. I’m almost certain  there  was more but I wasn’t there when Dr. Carter first started talking to dad.”


###Chapter   75  

    “That’s still a significant amount of injuries .  ”  

    Jamie nods as he adds in more. “Dr. Carter said his ribs were in various stages of healing just like all the bruises we see on his body. Although  Cole  wasn’t happy about it, arrangements were made between the three of them for Cole to stay with us while he healed. Even though he still couldn’t see Cole tied his name agreeing to stay two weeks under dad’s care. I’m certain he only agreed so he could get out of the hospital. ”  

    “The level of anxiety I’ve seen from him just today would lead me to believe the same. Was there ever a time that he stoppeding to your dad?

    “Yes. Him and dad got into a major argument at the end of the two weeks with us. Once Cole left the hospital, every day for the two weeks he was  with  us dad would disappear and not even mom knew what he was doing. On thest  day  Cole had to be with us dad disappeared for several hours. When  he  came back he walked very stiffly and was in a lot of pain when he sat down. Mom immediately started asking what was wrong but he didn’t answer until  Cole  stormed in. I had never seen Cole so angry. His wolf was on the surface, his eyes  were divpletely ck and his aura was strong and wild.

    Mom shooed everyone out of the dining area as they started into their argument. He repeatedly asked him why didn’t he tell him about his father’s request for him. Dad repeatedly told him that he couldn’t handle it. He wasn’t healed enough. They kept going for half an hour. I’m certain dad was  just  letting him vent. I came back out and sat on the stairs listening to them. I could tell by his  voice  that Cole  was   crying  and dad was trying tofort him. He kept saying that he was sorry. That our family didn’t deserve the trauma that hase from knowing, from seeing how bad things were for him. When dad tried to argue against that point he yelled at dad that he knows I’m taking medication for ptsd. That he  was  the reason  I  had to be medicated when I was fine before he got there. He was sorry that he was selfish, that he allowed us to get too close to him. How all he wanted was the love of a real family, but instead of being able to love us back all he’s done is bring us mental and now, physical, pain. He told dad that he was considered an adult in the eyes of the council and it was time for him to figure out how to protect himself. He would no longer rely on dad when he  was  weak as doing so was nothing more than a crutch. Now that he understood what his father was willing to do to those he allowed into his world he could no longer stay. That he was done. I heard him leave right after that. He came back around midnight three dayster to gather what few things he had there and returned to the pack house. I found out from dad that Cole did not injure himself while gone and when he had returned they were able to talk about what happened. Cole was steadfast on no longering to him for help but did relent on keeping the enchanted key. He promised toe by for dinner once a month when in the territory and told dad that alpha had finally finished the paperwork necessary for him to go to his first pack as a prospect. He was turning twenty–one in a few weeks and  was  excited to leave the territory for a few months. He was leaving Monday for the White Mountain pack. He was sorry that he blew  up  on him. He didn’t deserve that kind of reaction after he had just taken a belting from his father instead of sending him. He thanked him and told him about how much he had grown to love all of us. That we were his true family and he would rather die than to  see  us hurt. He was hopeful that he would be able to use his time as a prospect to find a new pack to live in, preferably one that has his mate as long as the alpha isn’t an ass like his father.”

###Chapter 76

     “ Was that thest you saw of him?”

     “ No. He kept his word. When he wasn’t out of the territory as a prospect he woulde by for dinner when he wasn’t badly injured. He became two  people , acting like nothing was going on and if mom or dad asked he refused to tell. He wouldy on the floor and y with the three littles, allowing  himself  to take a break from his own life.

    Although dad is certain things have continued to get worse for him Cole has never said another word about it. After about a year, everything returned to as normal as they could be. Cole was always on the mind of mom, dad and I but time is a funny thing sometimes. I guess when the drama of something to terrible isn’t in front of you every day you don’t think as much about it.”

    “He made quite an impact on you.”

    “Yes sir. On all of us. ”  

    “When I mentioned something about Damian being correct about drugs being put in Cole’s food, you wanted to talk really bad then. What happened tha makes you think Cole was drugged against his knowledge ?  ”  

    “There were only two times after his apprenticeship ended that he came to  us  in really bad shape.”

    “I thought he hade to you several times?”

    “Well, yes. About six months after his apprenticeship ended he stayed with us a couple days at a time three or four times over a  year’s  time frame but there’s only been twice that he was so bad off dad couldn’t help him without taking him to the hospital.”

    “So what happened?”

    “Shortly after my seventeenth birthday, about a year after he left us, we had a loud knocking at our door. More like desperate banging really. It waste ,  ten maybe eleven at night. Dad partially shifted before answering the door. He ended up finding Cole throwing up in the bushes beside the door. He was struggling to breathe, in a lot of pain and ording to dad, appeared to be throwing up bile. Dad picked Cole up and hauled tail to the car and the hospital. On the way there all Cole kept saying was ‘he overdosed me‘ but wouldn’t or couldn’t tell us what it was .  

    It was only after we got to the hospital and stripped him of his clothes that dad and Dr. Carter found multiple puncture wounds all over his thighs and upper arms. They also discovered a spot that looked like an IV had been roughly removed. Dad had toy on top of him in order for Dr. Carter to get a new IV started in his leg. He took a lot of blood to try and figure out what was poisoning him. I was never told what it was they found. I’m not certain why  he  got even worse about his food after that, considering it looked like he had taken dozens  of  shots, but he did.

    He was doing better mentally for a while after he left the apprenticeship but it seems like things started getting really bad for him again when he started in the warrior program. About a month after he returns the council starts poking around. Alpha won’t do anything while they are there but Cole  gets  really rough looking for several months after they leave. Dad’s tried to link with him several times but Cole tends to push him away. Tells him that he doesn’t want to know what’s going on. That talking makes it worse.”

    He sits back in the chair with a sigh. He looks like he’s fighting back tears again as he finishes what’s left of his bottle of water.  The   hell  that I  was   guessing  Cole lived in is far worse than  I  could have imagined and this is just a small snippet of his life ,  from eighteen to twenty–one.  I  stand from  my  chair and without a word pull Jamison up out of his chair and into the hug I know he needs.
###Chapter  77

    “It’s okay to let go, Jamison.”

    My voice is gentle as 1 encourage the emotional release I know the young man needs as I hold him close to me. It doesn’t take long before  I   feel  his body shake with silent tears, his hands balling into fists around the fabric of my shirt. Giving him permission to talk to me was more about givingmie the emotional release he needed than a cry for help from Cole, but in encouraging it, I’m closer to knowing the truth about Cole. I rub jamie’s back until his body rxes before heading him over to the couch.

    “I want to thank you for your willingness to be open with me on what your experience with Cole has been even though Cole is hesitant to be the same. It seems like he’s been burned by other packs for sharing the truth of his situation which only makes it harder for me”

    Jamie takes a moment to wipe his face before looking at me.

    “Please don’t let the nasty rumors about him cloud your judgment of him. He really is a good person. Never once has he ever done anything to make me or dad believe that he could be a rapist or pedophile. He needs help alpha. Beyond anything anyone can truly understand, he needs help getting out of the hell he’s in.”

    “I am sorry Jamie, but I can’t discuss with you what my ns are with Cole. He has caught my interest but I can  not , for the safety of my own pack, simply ignore rumors as nasty as rape and pedophilia. I have to find the  real  Cole that is hidden beneath the fear and anxiety.”

    Jamie nods his head but it seems his tears have renewed at the news that I can’t simply ignore the rumors.  Are  these rumors what’s causing the council to investigate, not the abuse? Another element I must look into about Cole.

    “Unfortunately, Jamie, your friendship with Cole doesn’t get you off from your fight.”

    He shakes his head as he speaks, his voice is clearer as he pulls himself together.

    “I don’t expect special treatment. I can assure you that Cole doesn’t want it either. All Cole wants is to be treated as an equal. Not seen as some sort of monster, as someone undeserving of a chance .  The very few wolves that have given him that chance in our pack love him dearly but it’s been proven that  no  one inside the pack can help him. Someone on the outside needs to see it and act upon what they  see  .  ”  

    “I’m sorry to hear that no one in the pack can help him. The only thing  I  can promise you right now is he has my attention. I need time to figure out how far I can take this and what, if any, help I can provide. I don’t expect you to understand but the safety of my pack is paramount over anything else.”

    “I do understand that.”

    “So, your punishment at the moment is the same as the other three until I know who started it.”

    “I understand that as well.”

    He states as he nods, his head bowed in submission.

    “At the moment, you, Andrew, Richard and Das are all on house arrest. You will report to the dining hall for breakfast, lunch and dinner otherwise you are to be in your room. I will show you where to get the water and voring packs if you desire it. Like everyone else, you may have  a  case of water in your room or drink from the sink. The water here is good, ites from underground natural springs but not everyone likes the taste of the minerals dissolved in it so we offer bottled water for drinking. One of the trainers wille get all of you so you’re not trying to find your way to the dining hall on your own. Any questions? ”  

    “No sir.”

    “Okay. It’s obvious he has an attachment to you so for the sake of Cole’s mental health and  based  on the interaction  between   you  and Das ,   you   were  trying to defend Cole, I am going to allow you a special break.”

    This grabs Jamie’s attention as he lifts his head, looking at me with his head cocked slightly to one side .  

###Chapter   78  

    “For an hour, maybe a little longer depending on what I have going on, I will bring you to Cole so the two of you can spend time together while he’s here Wait for me in the dining hall after each meal. You will be seated at thest seat in the hall. As soon as youe in the doors it’s on the right  side   closest  to the door. I wille get you and take you to Cole. You will stay with him until Ie get you and escort you back to your room.  If  you  leave   Cole’s  

    How?” room, other than using the bathroom, then you will forfeit this privilege. Any questions

    He smiles as he shakes his head.

     “ No sit, thank you.”

    I reach out to him and run my hand through his hair getting him to look back at me.

    “Shall we go visit him again?”

    “Yes please.”

    I stand from the couch and offer my hand to him. He takes it and stands as well. Following close behind me, we head towards the door.

    We return to Cole’s room to see him fighting his invisible assant again. My main guess is his father. I jog lightly over to him hoping that  I  can interrupt his dream before it gets too intense. I pull the railing behind his back down making room for me to kneel behind him. I slip one hand into his and I’m shocked when he grabs it.

    “Alpha… please ….  talk to me.”

    I can hear the desperation in his voice as I lean over his trembling body, hoping that my scent is different enough to calm him.

    “Try to rx Cole. It’s Alpha Demetri. I’m not going to hurt you.”

    He nods his head as he tries to gain control over his anxiety.

    “I’m sorry…. alpha…. sometimes….. it’s hard…. to remember….. where I am.”

    PI change my position so I’m sitting on the bed with him leaning his back against me. I start rubbing the back of his head, gently encouraging him to rx

    with me. His grip on my hand is strong and hard.

    “As much sleeping as you’ve been doing I would  expect  as much. Are you hungry or need to use the bathroom?”

    “Both.”

    “Do you want to try and walk? You won’t be alone until you’re on the toilet and there’s  a  call button so I can help you when you’re done.”

    “I need help…. getting my…. boxers off.”

    “I will help you with anything you need Cole.”

    “It’s going….. to hurt ….  me alpha. ”  

    “Taking thest of your clothes off?” He nods his head slowly.

    “Because of the injuries on your back and bottom?

    I’m shocked when he shakes his head.

    “No?” I ask.

    “I can handle …..  my back and butt….. The front…. is a bit harder.”

    I let out a soft sigh as I have an understanding of what that means. I start rubbing my thumb softly against his hand taking  my  time  before   I  speak  as   I  


    know this will tell him what Jamie has told.

    “It’s very important that you be honest with me, Cole. As you have already told Jamie, it see

    that you understand that I can not ignore your conditione That it is easy to see that you are being abused and it’s been urring for a long time. I need your permission to document  what  Ang and I have found. The only thing I can promise right now is if I get the council involved I will not send you home. You have nothing to lose in letting me take pictures of fi condition you’re in right now.”

    To my surprise he nods a yes and his steady grip on my hand has be thythmic.

    “The easiest way I can get your boxers off would be to cut them.”

    “That’s fine .  ”  

    “Okay, so let’s start with sitting you up. Let’s see how you handle that. Jamie, the side.”

    can you put the

    rail down on your side and help Cole move his legs  off  

    I slide my free hand under his shoulder once Jamie is done. To my surprise, he wraps his arms around Cole and Cole responds with the same. Once he’s sitting up I hear him quietly whisper “Please stay.” to Jamie.

    “Doesn’t this hurt you?”

    “It does….. I’m scared….. I need you.”

    I watch as Jamie starts rubbing Cole’s head.

    “I don’t think this alpha is going to hurt you, Cole.”

    “I want to….. believe that….. but three….. already…. have.”

    I take a moment to step away and get a pair of scissors. When I return Cole is quiet but very tense and shaking badly. I attempt to move  the  gown he’s wearing but stop as soon as he starts yelping, scaring Jamison in the process.
###Chapter   79  

     “  Stay  with him Jamie. This is just a bad fear response.”

    “He’s shaking alpha.”

    “I know. Cole, I’m going to use a pair of scissors to cut through your boxers. Are there any bruises or cuts on the sides of your legs that I should be aware

    of?”

    “No sir”

    I can hear the anxiety building in his voice as I try again. I can feel him trying to shift away from me but Jamie’s hold is strong and  I  can hear him trying to figure out why Cole is so afraid after consenting.

    “Were you this nervous when you exposed your secret to dad?”

     “  Yes  .  ”  

    “Why are you afraid of anyone finding out?”

    They’re both quiet as I move to the opposite side. He yelps again as  I  get started using my hand to protect his  skin  from any idental cuts.

    “Are you ready to try and walk?”

    I watch as he slowly lifts his head from Jamie’s shoulder. His position tells me he  was  using Jamie’s scent to help him keep calm .  

    “What I would like to do is get you to the bathroom, get you seated so you can take care of your needs and when you’re done, take a picture of your front and back while in the bathroom. There’s a rail you can hang onto in there so it’s the safest ce for pictures standing up until I do  your  physical.”

    He nods his head slowly but I can see the hesitation and fear.

    “I’m not going to hurt you Cole.”

    My voice is soft, almost submissive in nature catching his attention. He looks up at me, and for a moment, into my eyes. Despite the dark navy color the fear written into his eyes is heartbreaking. There’s only twice before now that I can recall seeing simrly fearful  eyes  ,   my  mate when I first brought her home and a little boy that had been abandoned at the human’s children’s hospital.

    I reach out to the young man as he turns away from me again. He tenses up badly when I touch his face .  I’m struggling toprehend why  exposing  such a painful secret is so devastatingly terrifying for him.

    “Talk to me Cole. Why is exposing this secret so frightening for you?”

    I gently rub my thumb across his cheek as a single silent tear falls.

    “It only…. makes it….. worse….. It has never…. helped me.”

    “How many packs, that you’ve been a prospect in, have figured out that you’re being abused?”

    “I’ve only been to three .  ”  

    “Did all three figure it out?”

    “Yes sir.”

    “I’m sorry Jamie but  I’ve  got to help him stand.”

    He nods his head as he tries to step aside but Cole is resistant to let him go.

    “It’s okay Cole.  We’re  taking everything just a little  at  a  time . I promise  you  ,   I   won’t  make it worse on  you .”

    I hear Cole whimper softly as I take his hands from around Jamie, freeing the young man from his grasp. He looks at me briefly before dacking big b down. It’s easy to see how terrifying his life must be to have such immense fear and anxiety towards me.  I’ve be across plenty of  wolves  in my thre  alpha  through the prospect program that have been abused. They all showed a stronger than normal submission response  and  severe anxiety towards me which alerted me to their struggles, but none havee even close to Cole.

     I  spend a moment in front of him running one hand through his hair while the other rests gently on his side providing support. I’m silently hoping  that  bie bathroom needs are not too urgent as it’s taking longer than I wanted to get him up and walking.
###Chapter   80  

     “ Just like with the chair, I’m going to wrap my arms around you and you do the same to me. You push and I’ll pull to get you  up  .  ”  

     He’s  quiet but speaking better than this morning.

    “Yes sir.”

    1 remove the oxygen cann from under his nose and the pulse oximeter from his finger. I give him a slow count, keeping my voice soft and  neutral  .   We  seed in getting him up but not without several painful yelps.

    “Take your time to get used to your legs again. Let me know when you’re ready to move. I want to stay with you in case you fall.”

     He  nods his head as he shifts his weight from one foot to the other, testing out his bnce while his hands are on my shoulders. I rx my hold on  him , giving him some freedom to move about. He’s swaying badly, which is a big concern to me regarding his oxygen intake. Surprisingly he starts walking towards the bathroom.

    “Jamie, walk with him on the other side please.”

    Jamie doesn’t miss a second as he apanies Cole and I to the bathroom. Despite his initial swaying when he stood up, he made it slowly to the bathroom without issue. I shoo Jamie out as I help Cole get situated, exiting once he’sfortable. Jamie finds a chair to sit in while  I   get  some soup out of the  fridge  and start heating it up. I also pull out the special form we put in the tube so I can warm it slowly.

    Timing is perfect as Cole rings the call bell for me toe into the bathroom. I open the door slowly and call his name .   He’s  still seated with his head hung down and his eyes closed. I can tell by the way he breathes that he’s trying desperately to control his anxiety.  “ Cole.”  I  speak gently in an effort to calm him.

    “ If  exposing the rest of the damage your father has done is causing this much anxiety then perhaps it would be best to wait until tomorrow.”

    “It won’t be….. any easier to wait.”

    I walk over to where he’s seated and crouch down to his level.

    “Look at me,

    Cole.”

    I give him a moment to bring his eyes to mine. He’s reluctant butplies with my request.

    “This is only going to help you Cole. I’m not going to touch anything this time so the only pain you will feel will onlye from your movements and the gown rubbing against your skin.”

     He  nods his head as he attempts to stand. I ce my hand gently on his knee stopping his movements. I wait for his eyes toe back before continuing.

    “When you stand I would like you to take a  few  steps away from the toilet before putting both your hands on the rail. Stand as straight as you can but don’t cause yourself pain in doing it. I will untie the back of your gown. Just let it fall to your wrists. While the rail is supporting you I will take pictures of your back, butt and the backs of your thighs. After that I’ll have you turn so that one hand is on the rail. I’ll take the gown from you and I’ll take the pictures  t  need of your chest, abdomen, groin and thighs. Are there any other areas that are bruised or cut that I need to document?”

    I can tell he’s hesitating which tells me there is.

###Chapter   81  

    “I need to know everything that’s associated with this beating. Das mentioned that your dad kicked you in the abdomen a dozen or more times before taking you to the training room. That it took you a long time to start screaming. This leads me to believe that the bruising to your abdomen and the  cuts   1-  have found all over your body happened at the same time. Are there any other cuts or bruises that I don’t know about?”

    He finally nods yes before looking back at me. The fear I see in his eyes is immeasurable as he begins to speak.

    “The back…. of my neck….. where he…. grabbed me…. My wrists….. my forearms…. and shins….. I broke…. the chain…… I couldn’t take ……  all the hits…… without yelping….. I did….. what I could…. to protect myself.”

    “So I’m looking for defensive wounds as well.”

    He nods slowly as I stand back up.

    “I’ll help you get the gown back on once I finish with the pictures of your body. I can get pictures of your neck and other areas of bruising while you sit. I don’t want to keep you standing too long. Do you understand what’s going to happen?”

    He nods his head as he speaks “yes sir.”

    “And are you willing to participate in these pictures ?  ”  

    “I don’t…. have much…. of a choice .  ”  

    He nods but his verbal response easily tells me he wants to refuse .  He stands slowly from the toilet and follows my directions. He stops after a few  steps  before turning and facing the wall, both hands on the rail.

    “Try to rx, Cole. I understand this is a difficult thing for you to do so soon after meeting me.”

    I run my hand through his hair as I gently pull the string on the back of the gown. The bowes undone easily allowing the gown to slide down his arms away from his body. His body trembles bad enough that I can see it, his head is bowed down towards the floor.

    I pause a moment, wishing in vain that the young wolf could get used to me and my involvement with him. I truly intend to help him but with his previous experiences only leading to more problems, I know that getting what I need to get him out is going to be difficult. I step behind him and position my phone so I get the least amount of re from the overhead lights. I concentrate on each picture for the best image of his current condition. I’m quite shocked at how little these injuries have healed considering the beating happened Saturday. I snap several pictures before speaking with him again.

    “Well done, Cole. Now I’m going to help get you turned so I can get pictures of your front.”

    He submits to my position changes easily and hands me his gown. I start with pictures of his chest and work my  way  down. I stifle all sounds when I finally see his groin. I’m amazed at how difficult it is to separate out the different parts of his anatomy.

    His male parts are severely swollen and discolored. There are several raised red lines criss crossing the area giving him the look of being striped. It’s only when I look closer at his left thigh that I see something different. There is arge, fluid filled blister that appears to be a second degree burn goingpletely around the middle of his thigh. I take several quick pictures and stand back up. His eyes are closed and he appears to be counting by the way his lips are moving yet no soundes out.

    “Cole,” I speak quietly so as not to startle him. “What caused the burn on your thigh? ”  

    He opens his  eyes  ,  making contact with mine before quickly looking away.

    “I don’t know….. I keep…. my eyes shut….. when he chains me. ”  

    “Why didn’t you tell me about it when I was cutting your boxers? Didn’t it hurt when I touched it?”

     I  stretch out his gown so it’s easy for him to ship one of his arms through the hole. He hesitates to put his hand on my shoulder. It’s  only  when I look back to his face that I realize his fear has grown deeper .  

    “What’s wrong, Cole ?  ”  

     I   can  see his chin trembling  as  he tries to  speak  .  


    “I lied to you…. I’m sorry….. I must have….. forgotten…… he had Andre…… wrap…. something tight….. around my leg….. right after…… chaining me…… … burned bad….. but I don’t….. know why…. Please don’t….. punish me….. I didn’t….. I ck ”  

###Chapter   82  

    He yelps when I ce my hand on the side of his face ,  stopping his struggle to talk.

     “  It’s  okay, Cole. I don’t feel that you lied. I’m not mad at you.”

     I  quietly reassure him before getting his other arm through the sleeve, I get him to lean against me as I tie the back of the gown before leading him out the door.

    We slowly make our way back to his bed without issue. I watch him as his face contorts in pain as he sits so I decide to check his chart for thest time  he  received anything for the pain he’s in. I’ve yet to hear anything back about the X–rays taken of his ribs where that long, ck bruise sits, Ie back  with  several items and sit on the bed next to him.

    “I’d like to try and get some soup into you as well as some more form through the feeding tube. I’ve got some vicoprofen if you’d like for the pain  you’re  in.”

    It’s hard to tell if he’s thinking about my offer of pain medication or if he’s simply trying to cope with it.

    “Cole.”

    I speak softly as I touch his chin. He startles badly before he looks at me with fearful  eyes  .  

    “Cole, let me give you something for the pain.”

    245

    He nods his head as he looks down again. I slip my hand into his and start moving his arm towards me. I freeze when he lifts his hand off mine, quickly bringing it back to his body.

    “What’s wrong, Cole? You agreed that you wanted medication for your pain but you’re showing a lot of hesitation towards me giving it to you.”

    “I don’t know….. what’s in….. that syringe….. I’m sorry Alpha.”

    I reach over and gently raise his chin so he’s looking at me. Even though we seem to be making good headway with the panic induced asthma attack all ! can see is fear. Absolute and all epassing fear within his eyes.

    “How about I hold you for a little bit? It seems like we’ve stepped back away from being able to trust me .  ”  

    “I’m scared alpha…..” He starts to whisper. “I don’t know how …..  not to be scared”

    “It’s okay to be scared, Cole, and it’s okay not to trust. I just want to help make you morefortable. The medication can wait until Ang gets here.  I’ve  already asked her toe look at the burn on your leg.”

    He nods his head silently as he turns away from me again.

    “Cole ,  will you let me hold you? Let me get some soup into you?”  “ Anxiety….. too high…. to eat….. I’m sorry Alpha. ”  

    “It’s okay, Cole.”

    I speak softly hoping to gain some confidence back. He was doing well with me until I took the pictures. I can’t even begin to imagine what might be going through his head right now considering how the other alphas sent him home a month before the council came knocking.

    I move the tray off the bed to the table beside it. I fake a few steps to the head of the bed before sitting down behind Cole. He whimpers lightly at my closeness and I can tell he wants to pull away but simply doesn’t have the energy needed to do  so  .  

    “I’m not going to hurt you,”

    I whisper lightly near his ear as I wrap my arms gently around him. Now that his breathing is better he has a bit more fight and his  fear  makes it difficult for him toply with what I  need  from him.

    “Sit back against me. I promise it will help.”

    His agitation and fight are getting stronger  as  1 gently try to coax him back into me. He continues to lean away from me but hasn’t tried to leave the ben  yet , although it does concern me that he legs are still hanging off the side. He’s moving his arms slowly but the movement is erratic. As  I  watch  his  movements longer his confusion bes clearer.

    I follow his movements until I’m able to make contact with his hands. I don’t grab on to him nor does he grab onto me but it does stop  his  movements. H draws  a  sharp, startled breath in as he waits for my next move.

    It’s okay to touch me Cole.”

    He shakes his head as I struggle to understand what it is that he’s struggling with. No matter how I reassure him that this is what I want he resists following my directions. It feels as if he was punished for doing what he was told as much as he was for defiance,

    “Cole please, pulling you towards me is going to cause you pain that I don’t want to cause. Come to me. I’m not going to hurt you.”

    His body  freezes  in ce  as  he puts his head in his hands. While I’m starting to understand why Red General feels the need to tie him to the bed I also feel that has ultimately made this situation that much more difficult for him to deal with. I move myself closer to him as he rocks his body back and forth lightly. His head is in his hands but he is no longer actively trying to get away from me.
###Chapter   83  

    “Cole, I need you to get your legs up on the bed.”

    He responds slowly, turning his body and lifting his legs at the same time. He manages to get his feet on the bed when Ang knocks and opens the door causing one of the severest fear responses I have seen in a long time.

    It takes everything I have to keep Cole from leaping off the bed, his arms iling erratically as he yelps in terror from my hold on him. Ang and  I  are in shock at such a terrifying response when he had been doing so well with us. I had nearly forgotten Jamie was even there until I hear his voice in a way  I  could have never imagined.

    “Alpha Cole, look at me! ”  

    His voice is loud, sharp andmanding attention as his hands are upon Cole’s wrists ,  crossed and gently held against Cole’s chest. Light, persistent whimpers intertwine with the sound of his wheezing as he struggles to recover from his fight.

    “Cole please. I love you and trust you without hesitation. You are  as  much my brother as Jeremy .  I know you’re scared and goddess knows that you have every right to be but I need you to trust me. This alpha isn’t out to hurt you.”

    Cole ispletely still as they look at each other, I can see Ang approaching quietly with a syringe in her hand.

    ‘What is it?‘

    I ask sternly, cross at the very idea of what I think she wants to do.

    ‘Five milligrams of Valium. That was a dangerous reaction to something as simple as meing in the door.’

    ‘No.‘

    ‘No? Demetri he damn near hurt you and most certainly would have hurt himself if you weren’t here to restrain him. Every wolf is afraid at some level to be in the hospital but he’s out of control.‘

    ‘He’s not afraid, Ang.‘

    ‘How the hell can you say he’s not afraid?‘

    I growl through the link as she interrupts me.

    ‘He’s not simply afraid, Ang, he’s terrified right now! He is above and beyond anything that I have ever worked with. I have found and helped over two dozen wolves, men and women equally, who had been abused or were being abused in their home pack, get out. As soon as I figured it out and confronted them, told them I could help them, they opened up to me. Begged me to help them after goddess knows how many packs looked the other way. Cole is so far beyond the level of abuse those others suffered and yet he refuses to talk. He has no ability to trust, to believe that I can help him and so much as begged me not to punish him when I found the burn on his leg and asked about it. I don’t care about what just happened. You will not medicate him without his knowledge. Now go reduce the amount to one milligram and I will let you know when you can  give  that and the vicoprofen.‘

    She turns away from me and heads back to the cab. As an alpha in her own right she can question my authority and doesn’t have to submit to my demands, yet the closeness we have has fostered a level of trust that all alphas should have with their pack members. I bring my attention back to Cole and Jamie as I feel Jamie slowly release Cole’s wrists. Cole remainspletely still even after Jamie has taken a step back.

    “Cole please rx.”

    Jamie’s voice is soft and gentle as he slowly covers Cole’s eyes with his hand.

    me.”

    “You know I can’t look at you when your  eyes  are darting everywhere. Please  Cole , trust me.

    “How…. can you be…. so willing…… to trust him….. You don’t…. know  him  ”  

    “The same way you’re terrified of him without knowing him All I know is what I see Cole. I see an alpha who has defended you, protected you and helped you without knowing you ever since you got off that busst night. He has been nothing but gentle and kind, has he not? ”  

    I can feel his body shake as he starts to sob.

    “I’m sorry alpha….. Dr.Carter is right….. I can’t control….. the  fear …. I need to be…. tied. ”  

       “ No you don’t Cole.”
###Chapter  84  

    I whisper softly near his car as I statt gently swaying side to side. Slowly I feel his body rx in my arms as Ang makes her way back to us  with  sydager in her hand. I watch her closely as she grabs the syringe sitting on the table before sitting on the bed.

    “Cole,” she waits for him to look her way before continuing. “I’m going to give you some

    Valium and vicoprofen.”

    I still my movements as she reaches over to his hand, taking it in hers she pauses to gently rub the top with her thumb. It’s only when he rxes that  the  moves his arm and attaches the first syringe, giving him the first medication slowly before giving him the second. He whines softly and tries subtly to  pull  away as the second is given but overall handles both quite well.

    “Cole, I’m going to switch sides so I can look at this burn of yours. Demetri, do you think you can get the two of you closer to the middle of the bed?”

    I start moving slowly to the right encouraging Cole to do the same. By the time she gets around to the left side of the bed there’s enough room for her  to  sit.

    “All right Cole, let’s see what you have going on.”

    I can feel the fear and tension growing again as she lifts his gown on the one side and moves it to between his legs revealing a nasty looking burn. She draws her breath in sharply as she runs  a  single finger lightly across the angry red band that sits on both sides on the burn causing him to yelp and draw his leg away from the pain.

    “I’m sorry Cole. I’m done touching for now. Can you rx so I can look a little closer ?  ”  

    His body is tense and shaking again as she draws his leg back towards her.  I  slip my hands into his as heys his head back against my shoulder whimpering softly. I watch as Ang runs her finger along the actual bubble for several  seconds .

    “Cole, I need to withdraw some fluid from this blister. I’m not certain how much you’re going to feel based on the  fact  that you’re not feeling my touch on the blister itself. What I need from you is to staypletely  still . Stay just  as  you are with your eyes closed.”

    I feel him nod as she pulls out an alcohol wipe and empty syringe. She moves his leg around looking at the entire wound before selecting a spot on his inner thigh. She cleans it gently before slowly advancing the needle through the dead skin. She quickly takes the sample she’s after and pulls the needle out with only a slight yelp when she presses the gauze to his skin. The look on her  face   as  she looks at the contents of the syringe tells me it’s not good. She sighs lightly as she speaks.

    “It’s already severely infected. I will need to do a minor surgery in order to get this to heal correctly.”

    Cole sits up fast at the sound of surgery, fearcing his voice .  

    “Am I going….. to feel it?”

    She reaches over and touches his face.

    “No, you won’t feel it.”

    He rxes slightly but is still breathing hard with nervousness as she continues to exin.

    “You will be put into a twilight sleep which is heavy sedation mixed with anesthesia for the pain. Once you’re asleep I’ll put lidocaine shots around both sides of the blister before using a scalpel to cut the dead skin away, freeing the liquid inside. We will need to change the bandage three times a day and pot a cream on it that fights the infection and pulls any silver that’s still in it out. The cream also contains lidocaine which will help reduce the pain while it heals. You will also start getting a silver binder and antibiotics in your IV three times a day as long as you’re in the hospital and you’ll be switched to the oral type of both when you get out of here.”

    “How are you so certain that this burn is from silver? I’ve  never  seen a blister like that created from silver”

    “It’s an unusual burn considering it’s a band that goes around his entire thigh but only silver will get infected this badly without it being an  open  wound, That’s why it’s so important to remove the skin and flush all the fluid out. The fluid in this blister is holding silver against  an  open wound which is causing it to not only be infected very quickly but it’s continuing to burn the healthy tissue underneath. Cole, when did this happen ?  Are there any other injuries that we need to know about?”

    “I,” his voice is trembling badly with uncertainty. “I’m sorry….. Dr. Pierce…… I ck out…… I don’t know.”

###Chapter   85  

    She reaches out to him slowly, touching his cheek as he pushes his back into my chest.

    “That’s okay, Cole. The ck out is likely a form of shock from the physical and emotional trauma that this would cause. Unfortunately, this does mean  that  Demetri will have to do a more extensive hands–on physical with you to verify that we have found all your injuries.”

    I nod in agreement when she looks directly at me..

    “It’s also important that if you remember any injuries at all about the fight you need to tell us about it.”

    “I’ve had….. a headache….. since Saturday.”

    “Thank you, Cole. It’s possible that you have a concussion that we will need to keep track of. Now back to the issue of your leg. Did this happen with the rest of the injuries we’ve found today?”

    “Yes….. ma’am.”

    “I feared as much. If this silver is of high enough concentration there is a possibility that we’re looking at a third degree chemical burn simply from theck of medical care. The deeper it burns the higher the possibility of the infection getting into his blood and he will go septic if that happens.”

    He stiffens up badly as I feel his breathing change. It only takes a few seconds for me  to  realize that he’s counting. That he’s  using  the slow count  I  coached him through when he first arrived.

    “Cole. I need you to talk to me. You’re in a slow count right now which means you’re trying to keep your panic at bay. What’s wrong?”

    After several deep breaths he starts trying to talk but  I  can still hear the underlying panic in his voice .  

    “I’ve gone….. septic before…. I can’t…. do it again…… I don’t know how….. to survive it again….. I’m scared….  I   can’t  do this ….  alone again….”

    “We’re not going to let it get that far and you’re not alone. I’m sorry Jamie but I’m going to have to cut your visit short. We need to go ahead and  get  this

    taken care of.”

     I  speak thest part of it as I look Ang in the eyes. She immediately gets up and starts getting everything ready for the surgery. I pull out my phone and dial Patrick’s number. We use cell phones a lot more than other packs because we have wolves from other packs more often than not and it’s not fair for them not to hear what’s going on. I put my phone on speaker so Jamison can hear the conversation.

    “Hey boss, what’s going on?”

    “Are you busy?”

    “Not really, just babysitting the rest of the whiners going around the track. I’ve decided to use going to their rooms as motivation to get them moving a bit faster. Everyone is only on the secondp of their second run. They’re moving so slow I’m cutting this punishment off early. It took them nearly all morning just toplete the first ten miles. When they finish the fifthp they can go back to their rooms. We’ve got two hours before White Fang and White Moon packs are here.”

    “I ept your change in ns. I need you toe get Jamie from Cole’s room and escort him back to his room. He’s on house arrest like the other three.”

    “Is he a strict arrest  or   a  simple arrest ?  ”  

    “I’m giving him some allowances that the others don’t have. Make  sure  he gets some water and the vor packs if he wants them. Let him choose  a  game system and three games if he’s interested. Also, get him a remote and the code to the Roku as well.”

    “What is he allowed?”

    “Games, videos, music, books, whatever he’s interested in.”

    “Yes sir, I’m on my way.”

    “Thank you.”

     I   hang   up  and look at Jamie.

    “I don’t normally have an expectation as to who’s right in a situation. You better be telling me the truth about that fight .  

    “What is there to hide, sir?” He shrugs shoulders as he continues. “Das was talking shit about Cole, I tried to defend him. When  I  tried to lease,  chard  wouldn’t let me.”

    “I always like hearing consistency.”

    A short knock on the door startles Cole causing him to yelp and fight lightly as Patrick opens the door. To my relief Jamie seems to understand Cole’s needs and wraps his arms around him quieting Cole’s fight easily with just a few words.

     “ What was that about, boss ?  ”  

    Patrick walks up to us causally.
###Chapter   86  

    “He doesn’t want me to leave. He thinks Das is going to hurt me for defending him.”

    “You really think he’s dumb enough to do such a thing.”

    I can see Jamie nod to Patrick’s question before speaking.

    “Das tends to be the pack bully, sir. I wouldn’t put anything past him. I’ll be fine Cole, I just have toy low until it passes over or until he leaves. He usually is the first one sent packing. At least he was with the previous two packs I’ve gone to.”

    He leans over and gives Cole another hug. It’s only as Jamie stands to leave that the burn on Cole’s leg catches Patrick’s attention. As he steps forward trying to get a better look, I can feel Cole’s back pressing into my chest again. Patrick’s harshness this morning seems to have made him afraid of my beta. I look straight at Pat as  I  speak reassuringly to Cole.

    “Try to rx Cole, he’s not going to do anything.”

    I watch as my beta leans on the bed trying to get at Cole’s levelfortably.

    “Cole.” His voice is soft and neutral. “I’m sorry I didn’t take the time to do this directly this morning but I am sorry that  I   was  rough with you. You  didn’t  deserve that treatment from me.”

    Cole lifts his head slightly before quietly giving him a submissive sounding thank you.

    “May I ask you a question, Cole?”

    He pauses a moment but I can’t tell if Cole has answered him before he continues.;

    2

    “I do want you to know that what little I have seen is not eptable punishment by the council. You appear to be much worse than anything that’s allowable by councilw for any wrong doing, short of murder, that allows for your alpha to implement physical punishment but these injuries of yours came from you being punished, correct?”

    I feel Cole nod his head yes.

    “Okay. What were you punished for?”

    I feel Cole stiffen as he leans his head back on my shoulder. His breathing has tightened up again and I’m concerned that he  is  going into another asthma attack. I’m surprised when he actually speaks again.

    “Luna…. Sasha.”

    “Are you saying what Das said at lunch is true?” Patrick asks gently.

    “No, Cole. No. You’ve got to be kidding me. You’ve got to be fucking kidding me. This is the sixth time you’ve been physically punished over that bitch and they just finished the mate’s bond six months ago.”

    We are all shocked at Jamie’s outburst and level of anger at such simple words. He growls lowly  as  he walks away.

    “You’re going to have to update me on what’s going on.”

    Ang speaks as she sets everything up for Cole’s surgery.

    “When Das  was  walking back from the bathroom after Demetri broke up the fight he imed that Cole was a rapist and pedophile. That his beating on Saturday was because he raped their future luna

    Patrick speaks calmly as Jamie paces .  

    *Cole, you’ve got to open up. You said yourself that alpha would be stupid to not recognize that you’re being abused. We both know that the  majority   of   the  pack reports negative things about you just to  see  you punished.”

     Jamie  pauses in his tirade with Cole, I can tell that they are both hurting emotionally from what’s going  on  with Cole and  fleding  out this Begging da about this luna seems to have really struck a nerve.

     “ Cole please. You have got to find a way out.”

    For the first time in a while I can feel his head shake as he sniffles from the tears I know must be falling. When I look atmimn 1 can tell he and I’m both surprised but relieved when he speaks his side of the conversation.

    “What do you mean you can’t go yet?”

    I’m even further shocked when Cole speaks.

    “I can’t leave…… you…. your family….. Dr. Carter….. his family…… All the littles….. I can’t…. abandon you.”

    The room stays silent as the pack mates argue, their auras growing in power as their frustration with each other peaks. I am impressed with what I feel from both of them.

    “Cole please. All he wants to do is help you but he can’t if you don’t talk about it.”

    “No one….. can help me.”

    “Damn it Cole, think about yourself for once! He’s going to fucking kill you!”

    We all look at Jamie who is now falling apart. I look down to Cole who has muted his aura and closed his eyes. Tears slowly falling down his face. What Jamie has said seems to be a truth Cole already knows, yet he’s still terrified to trust me enough to really open up. His voice is so quiet and submissive  that  he’s barely heard.

    “I was…. the twin…. that should have never….. survived.”
###Chapter  87

     I  wake with a groan as my two little princesses take turns jumping on me. This is turning into one of the longest days I’ve had in a  while . Physically and emotionally draining with everything I have learned today. Cole’s abuse is the worst that I have ever seen in regards to his physical and mental  abuse  .  My own luna and her finally realizing the full extent of the sexual abuse she suffered has weighed on us both today. She has struggled to be her normal usbest self which has caused questions to cycle around the pack as to what happened between us.

    My thoughts about Jamie and Dr. Carter and their involvement with Cole has raised some serious questions about Red Fang and how the  alpha  interacts with the pack as a whole. Is Cole’s hesitation towards talking about the full extent of the abuse simply a matter of protecting those who actually  care  about him? I don’t think so. The young man trembles every time I find a new wound on him. Even so much as begged me not to punish him for not telling me about that burn on his leg when I asked about any cuts and bruises that I needed to know about on the sides of his legs.

    No, something happened to him that has made him terrified of telling me. That has made him believe not only can no one in the pack help him but no one on the outside can either. I can’t  even  begin to imagine how hopeless that must feel. To be trapped in a pack that hates you. To feel like you were  never  meant to live.

    I roll over to the middle of the full size bed in my office. I handed getting White Fang and White Moon packs off the bus over to Patrick. I needed some time to think and dpress after helping Ang do a debridement surgery on  Cole’s  leg. The young man handled the twilight sleep well. Our concern  now  is waking him up since he seems to be having a hard time metabolizing  the  Valium we gave him this morning.

    We reversed the anesthesia two hours ago and  I’ve  yet to hear that  he’s  awake. I ended up taking a nap and asked Lilly to  wake  me at 5:30, before taking the girls to dinner.

    “Daddy, daddy, daddy. Wake up. The sun is up, you should be too.”

    The more rambunctious of the twins, Madisyn, is jumping on the bed beside me. I feign sleeping for a bit longer before suddenly grabbing the four year old and tossing her into the air.

    She squeals from the surprise beforeughing as shends in my hands.

    “Daddy! That was fun. Do it again!”

    She kicks and squirms with anticipation with the brightest smile every parent loves to  see  .  I sit up in the bed with her in my arms bringing her into my chest for a tight hug. I duck my nose into her tiny neck and breathe in the sweetness of my girl before grabbing her  sister  ,  with a squeal, and doing  the  same to her. They rest quietly against my chest as I look into Lilly’s  eyes .

    “How are you doing?”

    I ask as I touch her face bringing her in for a kiss.

    “I’m okay. Today’s been a rough day for both of us. Have you learned anything more about Cole?”

    “I have but I want to wait until dinner to talk about that. There’s a few more things I need to do. One  of  which is to talk to Xavier Bluemon. That’s why  I  wanted you to wake me. I’ve got a phone conference with him at  six  .  ”  

    “Are you having dinner at the hall with us ?  ”  Madilyn asks. Her voice is soft and sheepish, sounding almost sad.

    “No, Lynnie. I’ve got an important meeting on the phone that I have to attend. But we will have dinner together tomorrow night. I might even have  a  guest if I can get the young man to wake up.”
###Chapter   88  

    “Are you talking about the warrior in the wing?”

    I’m surprised at how concerned Madilyn sounds about the prospect that I haven’t mentioned anything about.

    “Rumors spread fast around here. You know that.”

    Lilly looks lovingly into my eyes as she speaks. She gives me another kiss before standing from the bed, encouraging the girls to follow her I smile on they cling to me, begging me to join them. I give each a kiss on their forehead before cing them on the ground.

    My sensitive Madilyn pouts as she follows Lilly to the door of my office. Today has been rough on everyone as the girls are used to a lot more attem from both of us during the day but they’ve spent a lot of time with their nanny instead.

    I run up on my little girl and grab her from behind. I toss her in the air, spinning her gently so shends in my arms facing me. It only takes a moment in the safety of my arms for a smile to spread across her face.

    “That’s better.” I whisper in my little one’s ear as I nibble on her neck causing her tough and squeal happily.   “Go get some dinner. You’re going to be sleeping by the time I get to eat tonight.”

    “Okay daddy.”

    I kneel this time as I ce her on the ground. Madisyn, taking advantage of the situation ,  bounds into my arms with her sister.

    “Just remember, no matter how busy or hard my day is ,  I love you and will be here when you need me .  ”  

    “We love you too.” They sing in unison.

    This time they head to the door nicely with their mother as I head to my desk and start preparing for my phone meeting with Xavier .  It doesn’t take long for me to get everything I have so far on Cole organized and my phone to ring.

    “Alpha ck.” I answer the phone, putting it on speaker since I’m alone.

    “Evening Demetri, to what do I owe the pleasure of talking with you old friend?”

    “I wish it was a pleasurable conversation that I was going to have with you but  I’ve  encountered aplicated situation that needs extremely delicate handling.”

    “Is that so? Talk to me. What’s going on?”

    “Well, as the council prescribes, I run three, six month runs before taking a six month break and contacting the prospects that I’m interested in for the full year trial. As I’m certain you’re aware, this week is bringing in the prospects, before physical week next week, then testing getting started the  week  after . ”

    “Yes sir, but none of this should be unusual for you. You’ve participated in the warrior prospect program for ten years now.”

    “I don’t normally need guidance on how to help and care for an abused individual but this is one of the  severest  cases that I’ve  seen  to date.”

    “And they are unwilling to talk about it.” Xavier manages to finish my sentence easily.

    “He hasn’t even been here 24 hours yet and he’s in my medical wing. The injuries that we have found along with other factors is going to make it difficult for me to start any formal testing let alone training with him for at least a month, maybe longer.”

    “You’ve got my attention Demetri, what’s going on with this brand new wolf on yournd?”

    “What I need is the ability to pull him from his pack without him talking. There’s also a family, outside of his own, that is deeply involved with him that ,   for  their safety, I feel would need to be relocated/ Possibly a doctor and his family as well.”

    “This is getting really deep and you haven’t even told me what’s going on.”
###Chapter   89  

     “  I’m  not certain if we have even found all of his injuries yet but what we have found is quite distressing. It’s very important that the information I give your remains confidential until I’m able to make a move on him.”

    “ Is  that why you’re refusing to use his name?  ” 
    “Yes. He’s been to three packs. All three figured out his secret. All three sent him home. I believe but I haven’t been able to confirm that he talked  to  them. Told them what was going on and they still sent him home.”

    “What makes you believe that he talked?”

    “Every time I ask him to talk to me, even his friend was begging him to talk, his only response is that it doesn’t help. That no one can help him.”

    “So he’s been burned by several packs. That’s unfortunate and disturbing.”

    “Not simply burned Xavier. The council showed up and started poking around a month after he got home. They never talked to him directly so he doesn’t know why they were there but I was able to infer from information given by his friend that his beatings stopped while the council was there before they increased for several months after they left.”

    “So he’s corrting the council’s visit with him talking about the abuse.”

    “Not just that. He’s been told by his father that if the counciles poking around again that he will be withdrawn from the program. I can only imagine the break he must be getting when he’s away from his home pack.”

    “It’s not much of a break depending on which packs he’s going to,pared to who’s abusing him.”

    “His father and lead alpha are one in the same.”

    “Now you really have my attention, Demetri. Who is this young man?”

    “I told you I’m not doing that to him. He has no trust as it is and it’s taken  six  hours just to start breaking the panic induced asthma cycle. He has no idea that I’m even talking to you. What I need is information on the most currentws pertaining to an adult that  is  actively being abused. Thest time I tried to pull an adult from their pack without a protection order ,  at twenty–one years old, she was too old. Fortunately she was willing to go into sanctuary status but thews seem to change every year.”

    “You don’t think he’ll agree to sanctuary status? That is by far the best way to protect him from his father. Simply pulling him from the pack  or  ,  knowing you, not allowing him to go home, doesn’t mean his father can’te get him. That’s why the protection orders are there.”

    “But if I convince him to stay when everyone else heads home I may have a better chance at convincing him that the protection orders are real. That  I  can actually help him.”

    “I admire your passion Demetri. He must be really bad off if you’re calling me less than a day after he arrives. You know, even without his name and pack, I need to know what you’re dealing with to get the correct information from the council.”

    “I’ve got pictures that are time stamped. When I told him I wanted to take them it was initially as part of the physical and it still is, but now that I’ve seen the extent of his injuries it’s more than that.”

    “That’s understandable.”

    “He was used of raping his future luna and received physical punishment for that usation three days ago.”

    “So we’re looking at some time Saturday?”

    “I believe  so .”

    “From what I’ve been able to gather, using multiple sources, he was grabbed in a submission hold and was being taken to the training room  when   he  tried  to  run but failed and ended up with over a dozen kicks to his abdomen.”

     “ Can you send the pictures you took  as  you talk?”
###Chapter 90

     “ After he was kicked over a dozen times he was forced to his feet and his hands tied behind his back before he was led to the training room.”

    “I’m sorry to interrupt Demetri but let’s start from the beginning with you and I’d like

    to

    record the conversation.”

    “That’s fine, I agree with the recording.”

    “So, how did you end up with him in your medical wing? If he’s not willing to talk then obviously he didn’t run up to you begging for your help    stripping  his

    clothes off.”

    “Well, to start at the very beginning. Damian noticed that he was extremely submissive and highly anxious before he even got off the busst night. By the time he got off the bus one or more of his pack mates had gotten a hold of his belongings and threw them into a smallke that forms when it rains for several days. Mild verbal abuse started after he had an extreme fight or flight reaction to me touching him. I separated him from his pack and helped him to his room where he admitted that he takes medication for the anxiety but his father actively keeps him from being able to ess it.”

    “Denial of proper medical care is problematic, especially when sending a prospect to another pack. The alpha of every pack participating knows that the prospect needs to be in top physical and mental condition so denying medication to someone who needs it is, indeed, a big problem.”

    “His anxiety was high enoughst night that I wanted to give him my number so he could contact me if an issue came up but I neglected to ask if he had a phone on him. He hasn’t been able to tell me what happened but Damian found him in a massive asthma attack around seven this morning. He was berely able to talk but was able tomunicate that he went into a panic induced asthma attack around midnight. We reached out to the one doctor that is of high enough rank to override the pack alpha in regards to his  care  but his budget at the hospital is so low that his care is usually higher than the money he’s allowed to spend.”

    “So what does this doctor do for him?”

    “He finds every short cut he can to preserve the money this individual is given. The doctor pays for his  asthma   and  anxiety medication so all he has to do is pick it up.”

    “But you said he’s not allowed to be on it.”

    “Yes, but the doctor still fills it so that when he can get to the hospital he’s able to pick up several months of medication at that time. We have also discovered that this individual has been taught how to do his own stitches.“/

    I pause a moment waiting for ament from Xavier but it seems he’s just as speechless as I was when I first found out.

    “The real killer in regards to the medical treatment he does receive is, that he’s absolutely terrified of the hospital. And with the budget as low as it tends to be, the short cuts that this doctor uses results in increasing his fear and anxiety.”

    “What shortcuts are we talking about?”

    “He has no support when he goes to the hospital and he has no ability to control his fear so as soon as he gets there he’s put into a full hard restraint system that doesn’t allow him to move. Him being restrained results in him being stripped of his clothing, a catheter put into his dder and a feeding tube ced through his nose into his stomach. He’s a hard stick when ites to doing an IV so they don’t. Instead they give him multiple IM injections of steroids and Valium until the crisis passes. When he goes into a cycle, like he did today, he’s usually in the hospital for at least a week. We’ve managed to start breaking up the cycle in about six hours but I still feel that’s too long.”

###Chapter  91

    “I’m struggling toprehend his medical care right now but obviously that’s no

    all there is .  ”  

    “No. That’s just what we found out happens when he’s at General for one of these attacks. When I got him to the hospital wing I personally restrained him to get the IV into his arm. My technique had enough of aforting effect that he wanted me to stay and I ended up falling asleep with  him .  When  Ang and Lilly woke me around ten, Ang told me that despite leaving him with me for two hours bis body temperature had dropped twice and wasing dangerously close to ny–nine degrees so she wanted to try heated pillows with him instead. He had an extreme fear response to us rolling him off of me and when we needed to ce heart monitoring stickers on his chest, he curled his body into the fetal position.”

    “What was he afraid of?”

    “The catheter being ced is extremely painful for him and every time they monitor his heart the cath and feeding tubee next. Ang cut off his shirt and concerns about his back came up but it was only when his shirt camepletely off him that we saw his chest and abdomen. We immediately did an ultrasound showing his liver is erged and inmed but there were no signs of bleeding so we’ve left it be,”

    “Okay, that’s appropriate for his abdomen being badly bruised but you mentioned his chest. What’s going on there?  ”

    “It’s littered with cuts and bruises. Here’s the pictures I took of that. If you follow the cuts with your fingers it appears he’s been hit exceptionally hard with

    a belt about an inch wide.”

    “Only the worst infractions allow an alpha to physically punish an individual caught in the act of the crime. This is what he got for being used, not caught?”

    “There’s more to it. Like I said, I don’t know if we’ve even found all of it yet.”

    “Keep going Demetri.”

    “When I checked on him before lunch he was in a bad nightmare. Despite his desperately weakened state he fought my restraint of him.  I  barely touched his neck and he ended up screaming in terror, partially shifting and tearing up the bed. Once  I  got him calmed down, he started apologizing  and  begging me not to hurt him. Ang was ready to cath him when he asked for it but I discovered that he just simply can’t goying down. We did end up doing the feeding tube because we ran into several issues. He’s extremely suspicious of anyone giving him food or drink that he doesn’t see prepared, he bes nauseous when highly stressed and he cramps up badly when his stomach is bruised. So far we’ve been able to get him to drink warm soup that  we  add nutrients  to  and get warm form down the tube without an issue.”

    “So you were able to figure out that the food needs to be warmed or it causes problems. Interesting but not  overly  rate. Has the other doctor figured  this  

    out?”

    “I don’t think so. He said he doesn’t normally eat even though he always gets a feeding tube put in. He’s gone up to five days without eating.”

    “That’s really bad for a werewolf, especially an alpha. Going that long without eating messes up the individual’s metabolism which makes everything medical even more difficult and in some cases, dangerous.”

    “Yes, I don’t think I’vee across a wolf that’s gone that long without eating repeatedly. Going two or three days when you’re sick, once or twice during childhood, won’t affect them much but repeated exposure to starvation as an adult will and from what he’s managed to tell me, his home hospital either doesn’t get the tube in correctly or they don’t warm it and causes his stomach to cramp so eating in the hospital is always painful. We are also giving him anti nausea medicine in the form every four hours which was never mentioned by his home hospital either.”

    “It does indeed sound like they haven’t taken the time to figure out how to keep him eating. How long did it take  you  ?  ”  

    “An hour or two. My first attempt was around noon. That’s when Ang  put  the feeding tube in. He also indicated that today was the first time he’s had the numbing spray before having it ced.”

    “Wow, that’s a rough way to go.”

    “He handled the cement better than  we  thought.”

    “Good.”

    “But he actually became fearful of us using it. Majority of the time at General, the use of the tube is  very  painful for him . ”


###Chapter   92  

     “ What a shame. That’s quite a bit to be dealing with.”

    “There’s more Xavier.”

     “ More?”

    “It was around 1:30 when I discovered arge scar on the bottom half of his back but I can’t tell what caused it because of all the cuts and bruises on  his  back. He has a nasty, scabbed up ck bruise along his ribs that X–rays have revealed contains two cracked ribs. If you look closely you  can  see with some of the stray hits that the bruise is in the shape of a belt buckle. His rear and the backs of both thighs have the same marks. ”  

    I send Xavier the pictures of his back, rear and legs as I pause to let him collect his thoughts. I hear him sight deeply before 1 continue.

    “It was after talking with his friend and what his friend witnessed, at least the aftermath portion of alpha’s abuse, that I discovered the most disturbing injuries.”

    “You’re not done yet.”

    “I haven’t even found everything out about this young man. This is all about what happened three days ago.”

    “He’s got a severely bruised abdomen, cuts and bruises all over his chest, back, butt and thighs and two broken ribs. What else is there to beat on?”

    “His groin.”

    I speak softly as I wish it wasn’t true. As angry as pedophiles make me I still would kill them quickly over trying to beat their dick off. That’s just  as  sick and depraved as anything a pedophile could do.

    “Are you certain that this is simply an usation? That he wasn’t caught in the act?”

    “Even if he was caught in the act of raping his luna, would the council approve of this as appropriate physical punishment? I haven’t even sent you the  rest  of the pictures.”

    “How many more do you have?”

    “I’m not certain. I only took one of his groin as he’s so swollen and discolored it’s difficult to tell he’s even a male. I took two of his left leg where he has both marks from the belt and a severe second degree chemical burn.”

    “Wait, what was that you just said?”

    “He doesn’t know what his father did to burn his leg. He tends to close his eyes when his father chains him. All he could tell me was that something  was  wrapped tightly around his leg just after his father chained him. He didn’t say anything about it being hot, just that it burned badly. That’s actually a major concern of ours right now. We put him in a twilight sleep to do a debridement surgery on his leg. When Ang took a fluid sample she found that it  was  already badly infected. We reversed the twilight sleep over two hours ago and he hasn’t woken up yet. We’ve already maxed him out for today on the reversal drug so we’re keeping a tight watch on him until morning. I’ve got an alpha nurse that normally works the night shift at Generaling to keep an  eye  on him overnight.”

    “What else did you find?”

    “There’s bruises on his wrists where he broke the chain, and cuts and bruises on his forearms and shins. After he broke the chain his dad got careless with the belt. There’s a bruise in the shape of a handprint on the back of his neck.”

    “Send everything you have. I will request a special meeting with the council tomorrow to discuss applicablews that pertain to a situation like this but it can take up to a  week  just to get a date and it may be a month or longer before  I  can meet with them. They don’t have a very good prioritization system which seems to allow dangerous situations like this slip through the  cracks . My best advice is to get him talking and agree to the protection orders. If he was willing to give you detailed ounts of the beatings he’s receiving at home I’m certain ne’d fit into protection from abuse and protection from torture orders . ”

    “Thank you. Keep me updated on what’s going on and I’ll do the same from here.”

    “I’ll try my best, Demetri. Have a good evening.”

    I hang up with Xavier shortly before going through my pictures and sending thest of them. I find myself stuck on the hand print around his per big as my  own  hand. I can’t help but imagine that nasty bruise wrapped around my girls‘ necks. How much pain that would cause them. There’s plenty of times that my submission hold has caused pain but that’s usually only when the adults struggle toply with my demand or they are actively burting someone else. Never have I left a bruise like this on the neck of a pack member. Xavier is right, no wonder he had such a dramatic reacting to permal submission hold.

    I’m deep in thought as I didn’t expect Xavier’s reaction to what I gave him nor the fact that getting a meeting with the council is no longer an easy or fast thing.  I’ve  got to get this young wolf to talk. To agree to the protection orders or I fear that Jamison may be right. Alpha Redmen may indeed kill his youngest son .  
###Chapter  93

    I’m running fast through the forest easily dodging the tree roots and low hanging branches. My solid ck wolf dips in and out of the shadows easily wh only his bright gold eyes giving away his very presence. The moon is full and high in the sky giving me the best lighting for such a venture betare night dinner with my beta, his son, my two sons, my luna and Alpha Dominic and his new luna, Dasha.

    I had Lilly take our daughters, twins Madisyn and Madilyn to the pack’s banquet hall for dinner while I had my phone conference with Xwer, the lead liaison with the council for abused and tortured wolves.
    My meeting didn’t give me the answers I was looking for, thus the reason for my run right now. I’m angry and frustrated with the condition Cole is in. He’s in no condition for his strength and endurance to be tested. All 1 can do right now is challenge his character, to figure out his personality and core values. Although, I do have an uneasy feeling that if he hadn’t had that asthma attackst night he’d be pushing himself to keep up with the rest of the warriors. much to his own detriment.

    I scheduled my dinner for eight, giving me enough time to give Jamie a short visit with Cole before returning him to the prospects dormitories about ten minutes ago. That’s where my run started. I needed to clear my head, make a n. Not only am I dealing with trying to poll Cole from his pack out  the  probable relocation of Jamison Williams and his family. He and his father, Jonathan Jenkins, know too much to consider leaving them   at Red Fang should I find a  way  to make a move on Cole.

    I stop at the far south western edge of my territory. I take my time smelling the air as I slowly cross the line into a clearing just beyond the tree line. The faint smell of rotting meat and wet dog alerts me to rogues having been in the area but the faintness of it reassures me that it’s been days since they werest here. It’s been a while since I’ve crossed my own border as a wolf.

    I’m on high alert as I explore the area. It looks as if it was cleared and being prepared for housing but  was  abandoned before anything else happened. I continue my cautious walk for about a mile beforeing across a stream. I stop briefly for a drink. Thisnd is providing me a decent distraction for the moment and I’m deep in thought as to the uses thisnd could provide my pack.

    I know I have the Blue Ridge territory that borders mine on the southeast corner but I haven’t heard of anynd deals going on since Alpha Hunter  and  Luna Melissa Blue had attempted to expand their territory. Unfortunately a rogue attack decimated the pack and killed both of them causing the contract to be canceled. Alpha Hunter’s beta, Alrik Anderson then took over the pack since the Blue’s twin daughters ,  Savannah and Samantha, couldn’t be found. They were only a year, maybe two when the attack happened fourteen years ago. It was about two years ago that I met with an extremely stubborn delta he–wolf. If my son hadn’t picked up on Delta Jacob’s refusal to fight he would have killed him the night he crossed our border.

    It’s the stirring of the leaves that brings me from my thoughts, alerting me to the presence of another. I lift my head just enough from the water to smell the air. I can just barely catch her scent but it tells me everything I need to know. It’s obviously another werewolf. She’s not a lost member of Crimson Dawn but she doesn’t smell like a rogue either. It’s a young she–wolf that is terrified by my very presence even though I’ve yet to even spot her.

    I lift my head slowly, scanning the other side of the stream, straining against the darkness of the tree line looking for who I know  I  smell. It takes me a minute to finally spot her. Standing on the edge of the forest is a light colored she–wolf. She’s too small to be an adult and she’s obviously malnourished which likely forced her to shift before she turned sixteen. She’s frozen, where she stands with several dead hares hanging from her mouth.

    Just as I start to shift I’m stopped by a quiet, submissive voice in my head.

    ‘Please don’t shift. I know what you are and I can channel with you‘

###Chapter   94  

    ‘You’re not a member of my pack. How are

    you able to link with me?‘ I’m taken aback by this wolf’s special ability.

    ‘ I  can channel with any alpha as long as I can see them. I lost my linking ability many years ago.‘

    ‘Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize there was a difference. You look to be in rough shape and you sound too young to be a rouge. Can I help you in any way?

    ‘Please don’t hurt me. Don’t tell alpha I was out here. The pups are hungry and this is the only ce I can hunt‘

    Even through the channel I can hear the fear and panic in her young voice.

    ‘I don’t know who you are, how can I report anything back to your alpha? ‘  

    ‘I don’t know ,  Somehow he always finds out and I end up in the basement for days. ‘  

    I cock my head as Iy down. I won’t go so far as submitting to this unknown she–wolf, but considering we are on neutral territory, I can make myself less threatening and intimidating. She seems to rx a little with my efforts.

    ‘The only thing I can tell you is I’m the oldest orphan living in the Blue Ridge pack house. Families have been disappearing from the territory. Alpha goes mad every time the link is severed and takes his anger out on us. Delta Jacob tells me he’s the one doing  it  ,  the one taking the families from the  territory . He wants the pups, the orphans living in the house that Alpha created. I don’t trust him. I can’t when I don’t know where the families have gone.”

    ‘I can assure you the families that have left Blue Ridge have done so willingly. I am Alpha Demetri ck, I am the alpha of Crimson Dawn and the alpha working with Delta Jacobs to get these families out of harm’s way. My understanding  is  Alpha Anderson may be killing wolves with pups in order to create orphans to be used as ves. Is that true?‘

    ‘I’m sorry alpha, I’ve said too much. I’ve got to go.‘

    ‘Wait sweetheart.‘

    She’spletely stiff as she freezes in ce. She’s shaking hard but in the chill of thete January night it’s hard to tell where the fear ends and the cold begins.

    ‘There’s two reasons I agreed to help Delta Jacobs. I had to agree to the first in order to achieve the second. The only reason I’m taking the families first is to prevent more pups from bing orphans when Delta Jacobs starts bringing me those who already are. ording to Jacobs, every pup living in that house is neglected and abused and to keep that from happening to any more pups I’ve got to get all the pups with their families out of the territory. I understand that you don’t trust him and you have little reason to trust me but once all the families are out it is critical for everyone’s survival to get the orphans out of that hell house. I do everything by the book and once you’re here as well, I can show you where every family and every orphaned pup has gone. My goal is to remove every pup, including you, from his abusive reign. I promise you, every family that Delta Jacobs has brought me has been provided medical care, clothing, food, water and shelter until they could be relocated to another pack equipped to meet their needs. Please think about it. We both know that the orphans can’t stay.‘

    I can feel her in my head, I know I haven’t lost her and I’m patiently waiting for her to respond.

    ‘What is your n for the orphans? What will you do to them?‘

    “The orphaned pups will be moreplicated than the families so it will take more time to get them into proper foster families in packs that can raise them properly but in general they are treated the same. They will initially be brought to my medical wing. Considering thete hour that the familiese to me, I’m going to assume that the kids willete at night as well. So they will be madefortable.  A  brief physical after they’ve had a bath to verify that they don’t have any immediate medical needs before they are given clean clothes, and something to eat and drink. If there are no emergency needs, then I will set them up in one of the guest rooms I have on the ground floor so they can get some  sleep  before  a bplete physical is done. Children with emergency needs will be admitted to my hospital wing and given appropriate medical care. Those children will not be moved out of the hospital until they are stable and able to meet the majority of their basic needs appropriate for their age. How quickly things move in either case will depend on the age of  the  child, severity of abuse and neglect, and foster to adopt family avability. Unfortunately, due to the size of my pack the council will only allow me to keep the highest ranked pups, mostly alphas and betas, based on birth rank. All others, within six months to a year after theye to me, will go to other packs four to six hours away. Families have more choice in the matter but the majority choose to take the first pack they are offered.‘
###Chapter   95  

    How do you know they are any good? That the pups won’t be abused in the new packs?

    “There is a collective of sanctuary packs that go through a lot of research and testing with the council in order to qualify to take in troubled and seed wolves. This includes a rogue, usually a female, that the council purposely ces on theirnd to test how they handle a wolf in distress. The smaller parks that can best amodate the lowest ranked wolves and families are the ones granted second chance stature. These are the packs that are of medium wasich so they can supply the necessary mental health therapy and medical interventions needed for the wolf to recover from their trauma int they are  n  yerally struggling with low birth rates so taking in families and children, as well as keeping them in the pack is very important to them. You can’t keep a will the pack if you don’t take care of them.‘

    I pause for a moment, giving her time to think.

    ‘It’s a lot to ask of me, Alpha ck, but I will think about it.’

    “Thank you. As a show of good faith I’m going to give you permission to hunt in my eastern forest. This location is quite far from Blue Ridge  and  you don ‘  appear to be in the best condition for such a trek. My eastern forest is my closest border to Blue Ridge and it has plenty of small game you should be able to catch in your weakened state. I will alert my border patrol that you have permission to be there. Stay in the southeast quadrant of the territory. I have a gravel road that separates the north and south and ake that separates east and west. Stay in the tree line until you’re ready for my help. My border patrol will detain you if you are found outside of the territory I just described. My patrol has been well trained on recognizing and helping wolves in distress s please don’t fear them or fight them, just follow their directions and they will bring  you  to me.‘

    She stands frozen, as if she’s forgotten what she was doing or why she was there. She looks at me intently, trying to figure out how much of my offer is real. Iy patiently in the grass, hoping that my offer is enough for her to have some confidence in the deal Delta Jacobs made with me. Getting all the paps out such a horrid ce and gather enough evidence  to  shut the pack down for good in exchange for protection from the council. I have no idea whatcobs has done to need protection from the council but he was adamant about securing support, that he was simply doing what no one else was willing to do. I agreed nheless.

    She bows her head slightly before I hear her voice again.

    ‘Thank you, Alpha ck. I must go now.‘

    I watch as the mysterious she–wolf turns tail and disappears into the thickness of the dense, dark woods.  I  shiver myself as the wind picks up in the clearing. I turn and take off back towards my territory, easily slipping through the border before my patrol has passed by. I keep my run at a steady pace until I reach the prospects dorms.  I  slow to a trot as I enter thest building from the  west  ,  building ‘A‘, the only one currently upied .  

    I make my way to the bathrooms located on the north side between the two stairways. The light turns on automatically when I enter the one closest to the eastern stairs. I find my clothing exactly where I left them, folded neatly on the vanity.

    The building is eerily quiet as I know that twelve wolves from White Fang and twelve from White Moon arrived today so all the rooms on the   first floor should be upied.

    I paw the door shut before starting my shift putting my clothes on once everything ispleted. I exit the bathroom swiftly and jog lightly up the stairway. to the third floor. Cole’s strong reaction to Jamie returning to the prospects dorms this evening has weighed on me heavily and I have changed my mind about him staying in his room tonight a mere thirty minutes after I dropped him off.

    It doesn’t take long for those fears to be confirmed. The muffled sounds of an intense fight can easily   be heard before I’m even off the steps.

     ‘ Patrick, Parker, Damian, Lucas and Dominic; I need you at building ‘A‘ on the third floor, now!‘ I scream through the link.
###Chapter   96  

    I pull my maic master keycard from my pocket and swipe it against the reader  granting   me   immediate  ess to the room just as Patrick, Parker and Dominice bounding up the stairs.  I  have  no   idea   where  they were but I’m grateful for their quick arrival.

    We all rush in just in time to take the feet out from under Richard. Unfortunately, he was able  to bplete  his blow to Jamie’s left eye before hended on his face. I leave Parker kneeling on top of  Richard’s  iling, cursing body as I intercept Das’s attempt to kick Jamie in the groin with a harsh kick to the back of his knees. I grab Das’s arm preventing him from hitting the bed. Patrick quickly grabs him in a  painful  submission hold, keeping him on his knees giving me the freedom needed to check on Jamie. It’s only as  I  approach Jamie that Andrew releases him from his grasp. My alpha aura is zing as the young man copses to his knees, exhausted and bleeding heavily from his nose and mouth with his hands tied behind his back. I wrap my arm across his chest as he falls holding him up as I use my knife to cut the cloth binding his hands.

    “Put your hands out.”

    Imand, earning a startled yelp from Jamie as he blindly puts his arms out in front of him.

    “I’m sorry Jamie. It’s difficult to mask my alpha when I’m this angry. You’ve done nothing wrong.  I’m  going to lower you slowly until your hands touch the ground. Damian had the forethought to get Jessa and the ambnce over here.”

    “Can Iy down, please?”

    I spot Lucas finally stepping into the room.

    “Lucas, go grab a towel from the bathroom, then take Parker’s ce holding Richard in submission. Parker,  I  understand you aced Field Medic Training? ”  

    “Yes, sir.”

    “I want you with Jamie. Help Damian and Jessa get Jamie stable enough for transport to the medical wing. ”  

    “Yes, sir.”

    The nice thing about my rtionship with my pack is they know when they’re in trouble sò, unlike Jamie, my alpha aura doesn’t bother them as much when I call for their help in a bad situation.

     As  Lucas and Parker make the exchange I demanded, I turn my attention to Andrew, who’s still standing stiffly in front of me.

    “Go stand in front of Dominic with your hands behind your back.”

    He submits easily, ducking his head and eyes towards the ground as he walks away. Listening  to   Jamie’s  painful and terrified yelps as Parker tries to stop his bleeding only serves to anger me  further  .  
     ‘ Damian! What’s taking so  long?  ‘  

    Lyell at my oldest through the link.

     ‘ Sorry dad. Jessa doesn’t use the ambnce much and had to find Dr. Plerce to get the key. We’re headed out the door now. Dr. Pierce is going to link Dr. Morrison so they can have everything ready when hees in.‘

    “Tell them I want him in the multi scanner.‘

    ‘Yes, sir.‘

    “Thank you .  ‘  

    I growl loudly as Ie out of the link interrupting Das and Richard’s argument.

    “Das and Richard. The two of you are a clear danger to your own pack members which means I  can’t  chance you in my territory. Lucas and Dominic. You will escort these two downstairs and assist the guards in transporting them to the cer. You will stay the night in jail tonight. You will have breakfast brought to you in the cer. I will call for each of you to be brought to me just before lunch. Two guards will bring you to my office where you will present to me your bare ass. You willy your chest across my desk, the guards will hold you in submission and you will receive ten full strength hits. You will then be led back to the dining hall where you will be allowed to put together a te of food and grab a drink before heading back to your room. You will remain in your room under trained guards until six at which time you are expected to have all your belongings packed and ready to go. You will ce your bags outside of your doors so my omega housekeepers can take them to the bus while you are escorted to the dining hall for dinner. Once you have your te, you will board the bus. The guards will stay with you for the entirety of the trip. There will be no breaks except to change drivers half–way through the trip. In addition to my own physical punishment and returning to Red Fang, I will be sending a detailed report of this attack along with the video footage that I get from the rec area and Jamison’s room to the council with the rmendation for immediate and permanent removal from the warrior prospect program and additional physical punishment to be given by Alpha Redmen.”
###Chapter   97  

    “Double physical punishment?” Richard exims.

    “Who do you think you are to order such a punishment?” Das chimes in.

    “And what about Andrew? He’s the one that held him down once he was able to get a hold of the pathetic worm.”

    “Andrew will receive a slightly lighter punishment as these punishments are based on what I saw when I walked in.”

    Patrick and Dominic have switched ces and I approach Andrew, who now has Patrick holding him in. submission. Out of the three, he’s the only one that looks even remotely ashamed of his actions.

    “How long?”

    My voice is clipped and stern leaving no room for questioning my mood with him. Andrew looks up towards my face but not directly in my eyes.

    “Excuse me, sir. I don’t understand.”

    His voice is soft and submissive.

    “How long were you holding him while they pounded on him?”

    “I’m not certain. Ten, maybe fifteen minutes.”

    “This was obviously nned. The question is, why?”

    “They felt like I ratted them out.”

    I look towards Jamie as Parker stands and walks towards the bathroom.

    “Why would they think you ratted them out?”

    “Because I spoke with you first. I told you the truth before they could formte a n to get themselves out of trouble. I tried to remind them that you have cameras and won’t take any of us at our word alone but there’s no talking any sense into those two.”

    Jamie has started slurring his words, raising my concern for him even more. I can hear Andrew cursing under his breath at the reminder of the security cameras and the fact that I research before I punish. Jamie yelps again as Parkerys an ice pack wrapped in a wet cloth across his eyes. It’s only secondster that I hear two sets of footsteps and the familiar voice of Damian instructing Jessa on which room to go to.

    “It’s nice to see you feeling better, Jessa. ”  

    “Thank you.”

    She responds quietly as she kneels in front of Jamie. Parker has managed to keep him sitting upright despite his desire toy down.

    Damian sets the medical bag down between Jessa and Parker allowing my best medic and my youngest doctor to work on Jamie.

    Parker pulls out arge, thick absorbent mat that Damian helps Jamie move onto despite his quickly swelling eyes.

    “What happened?” Jessa speaks softly towards Jamie.

    “I got jumped.”

    “I’m sorry to hear that. What’s your name?”

    “Jamison, but I prefer Jamie.”

    “All right Jamie. My name is Jessa. I’m a nurse practitioner here and I’m going to clean you up before trying to move you to the wing.”

    He nods his head slowly as he starts panting heavily through his mouth.

    “Damian, I want you beside Jamie. Make sure he doesn’t fall over. Parker, I need two bottles of saline, the soft disposable towels and the silver nitrate sticks pulled out. I may need to cauterize his heavy bleeders since it’s not stopping on its own.”

    I rx slightly as I listen to Jessa take over Jamie’s care. I owe her my son’s life and the life of his two friends, Parker and Celine. She saved their lives three years ago. She had only been in my territory two weeks when Damian crashed my car into a tree. It was that day that I learned I had been gifted with two doctors that I could trust absolutely as they have proven to me multiple times their unquestionable judgment when ites to caring properly for my pack. Although I deeply care for the doctor that cared for my family growing up, I do feel that Dr. Morrison isn’t quite as persistent as she needs to be.

    I turn my attention back to Andrew as I hear all of them shifting ufortably from the pain of the submission hold. “What exactly was the n the three of you cooked up? Knock Jamie out and me everything on him?”

    “They just told me that if I held Jamie so he couldn’t fight back they’d get me off the hook for the fight at

    lunch.”

    I sigh as I hang my head shaking it slowly.

    “The truth, Andrew, would have gotten you off.”

    “What do you mean, sir? They said Jamie threw everyone but himself under the bus.”

    I sigh as I run my hand through my hair, something I seem to be doing a lot today. I turn suddenly to face Das as Dominic’s growl has alerted me to his sudden fight.

    “You little worm…..”

     Before  he could finish his sentence I’m on top of him in two steps.

     “ Submit! Fully, to your knees.”

    I growl as he struggles against my grasp.

    “You’re only making this harder on yourself. I will not hesitate to add hits to your punishment.”

    He finally copses to his knees with his own growl, grumbling under his breath about Andrew’sck of punishment.

    “Just because I haven’t announced his punishment yet doesn’t mean he won’t be, Das. But, I don’t feel that it’s fair for him not to understand his mistake You may stand back up but if I have to put you in submission again you will receive twelve hits instead of ten.”

    He’s standing again before I finish. I look him in his eyes, challenging him to defy me again. For the first time since getting here, he submits, averting his eyes away from mine.

    “Better.” I clip as I walk back to Andrew. “I should have expected Das and Richard’s betrayal better than I did. That’s why I ultimately came back for him. Did you bother to link with Jamie to find out what he told me?”

    “No, sir.”

    “You simply took their word for it, even though they had not had contact with him either.”

    “Yes, sir.”

    “I understand that they are both delta rank and you’re a gamma but that doesn’t make them rulers over you. The idea that the moon goddess punishes those who defy those of a higher rank was proven to be a myth a century ago. If Jamie’s story was truthful, and I have found no reason to doubt him, you would have returned to training status afterpleting your physical. I always interview everyone involved in a fight andpare their stories with security footage. The most urate ount of what happened, based on security footage, would ultimately determine who was actively assaulting versus who was defending themselves. Unfortunately, because you have actively participated in allowing a pack member to be attacked with no ability to defend himself you are now looking at simr penalties as the other two.” Andrew hangs his head with a sigh.

    “You will be remaining in your room for the rest of your time here. I have pulled two delta level warriors from my border  and  they will remain guard over you until you leave. They will escort you to breakfast, you will get your te and return to your room. They will get you again before lunch and bring  you  to my office.”

    I stop a moment as Andrew draws a sharp breath in and his body stiffens.

    “You will also receive ten full strength hits. You will be allowed to keep your boxers on during the hits before you are taken to the dining hall for lunch. Your belongings are to be packed and set outside your room by the time you are taken to dinner at six. I will file a report with the council detailing the events that lead to your early removal from my run, something I do with all prospects that don’t make it the full six months. I will detail the punishment all of you have received but with you, I will not rmend any further action against you. Permanent removal from the program and additional physical punishment will be left to the sole discretion of the council and Alpha Redmen. However ,   I  have no tolerance for wolves who are so easily influenced into harming another. Your inability to stand on your own and refuse to engage in such brutality is too dangerous to have around my family and pack. Do you understand what’s going to happen over the next twenty–four hours ?  ”  

    “Yes, sir.”

    He’s quiet and submissive with his head hung towards the floor.

    “Das and Richard, do you understand the punishment you will receive ?  ”  

     A  soft ‘yes sir‘es from them as well.

    *Dominic and Lucas, the guards are downstairs to lead Das and Richard to the cer for the night. If the two of you create any issues while walking  over  there I will know about it and add strikes as deem necessary .  ”  

    Dominic and Lucas push lightly on their necks to get them started and walk out  of   the  

    room towards the stairs.
###Chapter   98  

     “  Patrick  ,   you   may  escort Andrew to his room .  ”  He bows slightly at the neck  without   a  word before lightly  cing  his hand  in  Andrew neck Juank that  he  doesn’t feel the need to manhandle him out the door.

    My initial impression on Andrew was that he was quiet but respectful and could have been a candidate depending on  how  his testing went. Utdorthratel  the  ability to think on your own, no matter your tank, is the key to good warriors. I have no desire for drones waiting for someone else to make a dentes
###Chapter  99

     I  hear Jamie gasp as Andrew exits the room. I look towards the ground to see Damian holding Jamie over the mat, now drenched in blood and saline as f*** attempts to clear blood from the young man’s nose and mouth, whimpering softly from fear and pain.

    A soft knock at the door alerts me to the presence of the warriors I requested, twin deltas, Darren and Derrick have arrived to watch over Andrew. I step outside the room asmie yelps and fights briefly when Damianys him in hisp while Jessa puts pressure on his still bleeding nose.

    I speak to them briefly exining the schedule, what his punishment is and what my expectations of them are before returning to Jamie. I freeze in Jane’s doorway as I’m shocked by the young man’s appearance. Both eyes are nearly swollen shut with blood tinged tears slowly falling from his eyes. His note and mouth are red and swollen, stained with the blood Jessa used silver nitrate to finally stop from flowing. Jessa is the first one to sense my presence back in

    the room.

    “He’s going to need help getting down the stairs. Without an elevator getting the gurney up here is impossible. Based on the bleeding I’m concerned about his nose being broken and he has severalcerations in his mouth that may need stitches. Outside of his nose, nothing else feels broken but I can’t rule it. outpletely. He has a lot of pain in his head, his chest, around his ribs and his abdomen.”

    I sigh heavily as I quickly think of what needs to be done. I hesitate before asking but considering what I interrupted I feel it’s important to ask.

    “I interrupted a kick that appeared aimed at his groin.”

    I’m relieved when Jessa shakes her head and Jamie speaks for the first time in a while,

    “No, Alpha. I think he was saving that forst.”

    I nod my head relieved they spared him that pain.

    “I would rmend a CAT scan of his head and abdomen. You need to rule out internal bleeding in both areas .  ”  

    “Are you feeling okay, Jessa? We normally do tests based on what you feel but you don’t seem as certain as you usually are.”

    “This cold of mine has made me a bit weak but I’m okay, alpha. ”  

    I give her a clipped growl as I have never liked other alphas calling me alpha but her past has made it difficult for her to change the habit despite being with me for three years.

    She looks up at me, a bit startled and fearful from my reaction. I cock my head looking at her with annoyance in my eyes but an amused grin on my face. She rxes with my appearance and turns her attention back to Jamie‘.

    “He’s approximately the same height as Lilly, he just appears to be a little heavier so I can use the housekeeper’s elevator to carry him to the first floor. Damian, he’s going to be out until after he has his physical next week at a minimum.”

    “Yes, sir.”

    “Is the room beside Cole’s taken yet?”

    “No sir. Only four members of the White Moon pack where non–smokers and there were four females between the two packs so sixteen members of White Fang and White Moon packs ended up on the third floor and four took the first floor of building ‘B‘ and the four she–wolves are in building ‘C‘ first floor.”

    “Well that’s a good thing for what I need. Do you have your own master key?”

    “Yes, sir”

    “Good. Leave endurance testing to Patrick and Dominic tomorrow. I need you to get some housekeepers, bring them up here to Jamie’s room with some boxes just in case. I need you to go over it with a fine toothedb, make sure you get all of his belongings and move him to apartment 103A. Jamie, have you used theundry room yet?”

    He shakes his head slowly but his movement is restricted by himying on his side in Damian’sp. He yelps suddenly as Damian starts  to  im up. I can tell he’s struggling badly with the pain of his injuries mixing with his swollen eyes.

    “Is he okay to get moving, Jessa?”

     “  Yes  sir. I didn’t realize the medical pack in the ambnce ran out of the IV kits so I’ll have to do that back at the wing.”

    “Thank you, Jessa.”

###Chapter   100  

    I give her a gentle smile and nod as she stands, giving me space to work with him, Damian has moved Jamie into a sitting position but has his hande gedly holding him just under his ribs. He’s swaying badly trying desperately to maintain his bnce even with Damian’s gentle hold from behind him. I grouch down in front of him, gently cing my hands under his.

    “Alpha?”

    I can hear his voice tremble as he whispers, the pain and fear from this attack weighing heavily on him.

    “Yes Jamie. We’re getting ready to move you downstairs where we have a gurney and ambnce waiting to take you to the medical wing. We’re going to he putting you in our multi scanner for x–rays, MRI and CAT scan. You’ve done extremely well submitting to our care so far. I need you to keep that up. Us moving you around is going to cause pain. It’s important that you don’t fight.”

    I watch his mouth open and shut several times but nothinges out as he winces in pain.

    “Jamie, talk to me. It’s okay.”

    I encourage as he squeezes my hands.

    “Is it weak to be scared?”

    I move my hand to his head and gently move it through his hair. He startles and yelps badly at my change in contact making me freeze my movements.

    “Did that hurt you?”

    I ask softly as I concentrate on softening my aura to something moreforting for his trip down to the first floor.

    “No sir.” He whispers. “I’m scared and I don’t feel good. I’m tired, dizzy and feel like I’m going to hurl.”

    “That’s a badbination, Jamie.”

    He’s breathing hard through his mouth and I can tell that his ill feeling is more than that.

    “Go grab a bucket from the bathroom.”

    I stand quickly, shooing Damian from behind him as I encourage Jamie to get into a kneeling position. I straddle Jamie’s body as  I  lean over top of him. Grabbing the bucket from Parker, I support his upper body with my arm and position him over the bucket just in time for his dinner to make a rapid exit from his body. I give him a minute to recover from his heaving as Jessa gently cleans his face.

    “Do you think you have any more?”

    I ask softly near his ear as I pet the top of his head. He shakes his head briefly before leaning hard into my arm.

    “Jamie, I’m going to get Damian to help get you standing then I’m going to pick you up.”

    “I don’t think I can, alpha.”

    “Damian, get behind him.”

    I start picking up my pace as physically getting sick is a really bad sign for a significant concussion. Parker disposes of the bucket as Damian and I trade ces.

    ove my hands

    I have Damian put him in a bear hug under his arms as I get mine under his rear. We lift together on three as Jamie yelps and cries from the pain. His adrenaline has worn off allowing him to feel the full fury of the beating that he’s suffered. We both hold him steady as his cries die do from his waist to his hands, cing them around my neck as I close the gap between us.

    “Wrap your arms around my neck. When I pick you up I want your legs around my waist. Damian, your master key card also works the elevator. I need you to go ahead of me and open it up.”

     “  Yes  sir.”

    I put pressure on Jamie’s lower back encouraging him to step forward, allowing him to grab ahold of me with his hands. I crouch slightly, wrapping my hands around his thighs Counting to three again, I lift him with a growl from the floor. Damian has his hand on my back as I adjust to the additional weight, Parker is on the other side near Jamie. Years of training in field medicine and transport making it unnecessary to instruct them.

    “Are you ready, dad?”

    I adjust my grip slightly on him before testing my bnce on my legs.

    “Yes, I’m good to start moving.”

    “Jessa has gone down ahead of us to grab the gurney from the ambnce. She’ll be waiting downstairs for us.”

    “Good to hear. Jamie.” I whisper near his ear. “If you can hear me, it would be best if youy your head on my

    shoulder. ”  

    His head control has gone south and it’s throwing me off bnce. Parker spots the issue quickly and guides the young man   into the crook of my neck. He’s whimpering softly and his entire body is shaking badly against mine as I make my way to the elevator.


