
###chapter 1
********
A fallen prince. A human marked for death. An eternal vow that shatters worlds.
When Kaizen, a monstrous heir to hell, saves teacher Willow from his own pack, he becomes a traitor. Hunted for murder, they forge a forbidden bond in blood and desire. Now, their love could ignite a revolution—or doom them both.
********
Willow
The air was so crisp at our campsite; however, I was warmed by its sizzling crackle. We were deep in the forest of a national park at the Iawee border, in the nowhere land that was Northern Missoura. I'd come on the stupid trip with my friends because they literally begged me to, and all they've done since we got here was Make out. I looked around at the scenery, clearing my throat to let them know that I was obviously not into being front row seats for my two best friends' preemptive honeymoon.
I felt almost awkward since I was the third wheel. Amanda and Drew Begged me to come, claiming that this would be a 'friend's night out', but all they'd done in front of the fire was have their hands all over each other. I didn't want to interrupt them, as the sky was very romantic tonight. The moon was full, and I could hear the coyotes in the distance happily playing in the moonlight.
It had been like this all summer, especially since Drew had proposed to Amanda not too long ago. I was still the only single friend in our group. It was not that I didn't try to at least be agreeable during dates, it was more that I never felt any connection with anyone that I'd ever met. No matter how gracious, rich, or even smooth the potential partner was, I'd never held a real interest in going farther than a first or second date.
I vowed to myself silently. That if I Did find some mystery man like that I wouldn't hesitate to spend my life with him. I didn't want much I was tired of the creeping loneliness. That was never a problem until a few years ago Since even as a kid growing up, I was naturally standoffish and aloof But Then I didn't get lonely.. Once it started, I tried 'getting out of my shell', like Drew would encourage.
. I really wish I had that connection I swear I wouldn't pass it up if I found it. I felt lonely watching them be so happy
We'd have dinner, have the same interests, and even share a lot of the same favorite shows and foods. This would go on for maybe two, sometimes three months, and my relationships would sizzle out. I never felt like my date was the 'right person. I never thought it appropriate to go any farther than one or two more dates, possibly even just talking. 
Lord knows I really did try. Why does it have to be so hard?
I found myself being a little jealous of the fact that we've been friends since grade school, yet regardless of that fact, two years ago they started seeing each other behind my back. How come they didn't tell me till nearly the last minute that they've been engaged for six months? It made me almost question how close we really were. I've known Amanda since we were four. Her parents are my next door neighbors. They have been our entire lives, and Drew's lived down the street since we were seven.
Yet, even with all that history, they still thought I would react negatively. They should have known that I was the loner of the group anyway. I honestly don't see how they still kept me a friend since in high school, they were the jocks. Amanda was head of the cheerleading squad, and Drew had a scholarship when we went to the University of Bison City in Jentucky. We all went there. And all moved to Vermount together.
We all stayed friends, with me and Amanda being teachers at the same private school, St. Bartholomew's, one of The most coveted spots in the state, and Drew, who worked in medical computer programing. It was actually him who organized this whole thing on a whim.
Of the three, I was the only one who was a freckled redhead who wore glasses, never socialized unless you made me, and this trip would have never happened had I not found this place since I was the designated driver.
The smell of their beers damn near burned my nose. They went shot after shot with vodka too until they were sloppily drunk, and I could feel as if the coyotes were getting closer. I swear I could almost hear laughing. However, I'd driven the truck in four-wheel drive for almost an hour, and we were a little ways off of even the dirt road that we encountered.
If there was anyone out here, it would likely be the property owner, but I don't remember seeing any 'do not enter' signs As far as I knew, we should still be in the park.
"Do you guys hear that?" I asked as Amanda's blonde hair faintly reflected on the campfires light. She was actually a bleached blond, but people didn't know that. Her real hair color was actually black.
"You worry too much. It's probably just crickets." Said Andrew reassuring me. As stupid as it sounded, he was probably right on it being some random small animal.
We may have been women, but I felt safe enough around Andrew. Drew was fairly tall, being 6'3, and stocky being a former college football player. We've gotten a little older, however, not so old that he couldn't defend us if need be.
"Don't forget we brought my father's gun." Said Amanda, slurring her words. To be honest, even if we did have it, the only one sober enough who could likely use it and aim would be me, however I didn't know anything about firearms.
I don't even know why they brought it, especially since we were in a National Park. "If it's a bear or something, would it be illegal if we shot it?" I asked honestly. 
They both were too drunk to really think about my question, however, Drew did respond at least.
"Not if we're defending ourselves." He slurred. "Maybe turn it in, and in the morning I can drive us to the House of Pancakes. It'll be like old times, and when we get home, we can all share a funny story about how we saw Bigfoot to Uncle Joseph." He snickered.
"Now that's just mean," I said shaking my finger at him. "You know that your uncle will believe anything about cryptids. He's still looking for that $1,000,000 bounty on the King of the Forest." I said rolling my eyes, reminiscing about the time that he claimed he literally saw a werewolf. 
As if they were real. I almost laughed.
They eventually went back to kissing, however I felt like we were being watched. The passive sensation was nothing like I'd ever felt before either. It made the back of my neck sweat There had been instances where I was working, goofing off at work, then being caught by my boss during my break. Like the time I was on WeTube instead of making the lesson plan during my planning period but this was nothing like that. It felt almost as if I were a rabbit being watched by a fox.
It felt like I could almost visually image a predator circling us, licking its chops. It was hard to ignore when I also noticed that the ambient noises of the forest quieted. It was almost as if the stage was set for something terrible to happen and I would be its witness.
"Humans." I heard behind me.
The men around us were Naked At least five of them surrounded us, with the tallest of the group leaning lazily on the hood of the car. So no gun.
"You trespass." Said the tallest of them. 
All of them were muscular, however with him it seemed that he was definitely the strongest. He had his greyish brown hair in a buzzcut.  All of them were massive Now that I thought of it, all of the men that were around us looked as if they were ex military, or some sort of militia group.
They stood nearly at attention, but the 'leader' leaned on the truck, looking at us as if we were meat.
"Hey, we didn't mean any trouble. We'll be out of your hair." Said Andrew standing up, though so drunk that he staggered a bit.
He still stood in front of us, shielding us as best as he could, even though we were completely surrounded.
They laughed. 
They laughed as if he'd said some inside joke that we didn't know. It made me uncomfortable, understanding that us 'trespassing private property' meant that they would do something nefarious to us in our eyes.
Amanda and Drew were now sobered up. I hadn't had any alcohol and even I was sobered up too. And in the light of the moon, and the overcast of the campfire, I swear I saw fangs. Their leader took confrontational steps to Andrew, and put his large, seemingly clawed hand on the top of his head.
"Unfortunately, by you being here, by you breaking the law, you are now property of OpalMoon. Our Alpha is out, our Beta is busy, and our Gamma is off in training. Hell, even our Warrior Commander is in another one of Alpha's packs. Which means that something they would usually handle, I have to handle, not that I mind."  He pointed to himself with his thumbHis cackle made the hair on my neck stand He Definitely had claws.
Maybe Drew's uncle was right
They chuckled. Again, they all laughed at some inside joke that we wanted no part in but would be part of regardless.
"Like I said we'd leave. Don't be dicks, there's girls around." Said Drew, fed up with their antics.
He thought it was a prank or some sick joke, however what wasn't was seeing him decapitated in front of my very eyes. He screamed a gurgle, and blood splattered the faces of me and his fiancéHe was ripped clean in two, with his torso being flung to the left, while his waist and legs plopped on the right both oozing a slow pool of thick blood to meet in the middle again.
Amanda screamed and I did as well.
She ran, and I saw two of the men turn into enormous wolves to chase after her, while I stayed there dazed, frozen, Begging my legs to move but instead I only looked their leader in his color changing eyes. I was unable to look away. But the only thing I could see was his eyes go from a dark brown, to a vivid orange.
I couldn't look away I shed tears. I don't know why, but oddly enough it wasn't for my friend I heard Amanda scream her last, as I could hear the gurgle and ripping I shed tears because my body nor mind could not process what was around me
"I don't want to die" I mumbled.
"Too bad. Your people shouldn't taste this good." He countered. He took steps toward me, and I tripped over the blood and gore of Drew's still horror encased face.
###chapter 2
Kaizen
My Ipare watch said it was only 8:23, so the Harvest would be in full swing, but I had no intention to join. Straight to bed. That was the plan.
I was annoyed and Jet lagged. My brother may have been standing king, however it was insufferable being around so many high class snobbish wolves. My mother may have been the third Princess, she even served on the council, being an Old One, holding a title of Risen One being unable to die and my father the Horned Wolf, God of Retribution a fairytale, as real as I was. But that did not mean that I didn't feel disrespected. 
Out of obligation I backed my mother up on being the heir to her council seat, however that did not stop the Royal Council members from shoving their granddaughters in my face. This also happened to my brother, however they did this much less so. As standing king, they feared he would banish them for such blatant disregard for his rank.
For me, rank was almost a swear word. I wanted nothing to do with it. I'd seen my entire life how hard my mother worked for how little respect she gained. After all, they would never do it in front of her, our father, or her children, however it was still there. The off comments, the snide remarks here and there behind her back. And for me, the remarks of when I would settle down.
It may have been nearly an entire century since my birth, but in that time I did not desire, nor seek out a mate at 18. It was just who I was. I didn't Want a mark mate. But if I were to be completely honest this Harvest was that I was Tired of formality and speaking kindly to the pompous royal masses within the castle.
It almost felt as if attacks on my soul were being dispersed every time I walked through the magnificent double doors of the multistoried castle. I was still in this itchy suit. I hated restrictive clothes like this... That in all its grandeur, and all the rank and Alpha status that I could have, that I would throw it away for a ham sandwich right now. To be fair that same thing could be said for my current rank of Beta. Since Tyson was gone, it would be up to me to reel in the wolves once I got home.
He'd actually asked me to be Alpha, since he was standing king. He was in Grandia, north of here by at least a thousand miles. He wanted me to step up.
Yup give me a turkey on rye with no mayo.
That would be the better choice.
And that's saying something from someone who has a hard time digesting human grain.
It was Saturday night! The Harvest Moon at that. Tyson Begged me to stay, but fuck that, and Fuck Him Too for trying to make me. I should have stayed and gotten drunk, then retired early, but the festival in his honor was too much for a simple wolf like myself. 
I'd be happy with old episodes of Order and Law, some wine, the company of the older, retired wolves, and the remote. That was an afternoon. A night with the pack a night not having to force myself into being someone I wasn't.
But with Grace, our little but honestly identical sister, gone to train how to use magic, I was stuck being the supportive sibling. I didn't mind at first, but he was gone nearly every day from the pack. It left being Alpha on me, then I had to fly up there and pretend that I liked those old farts. The King had a council of 14 members, with my mother being his 3rd, or Left Seat. He ruled over every wolf, being double the size of all but me, my siblings, and my father. 
Me, Tyson, and Grace are triplets. When we were young, we were so close, and looked so identical, that the only way you could tell us apart was scent, but now we've all branched apart Tyson works hard to replace my mother's grandfather, who sleeps to Rest from ruling so long. Grace trains hard to find herself 
She won some tournament or another a few days ago, but I haven't contacted her since. Honestly, it might have been sooner than that. I couldn't recall since I've been so busy. The fight looked Good, and she won, but since she hadn't come back, I figured she should enjoy her break. 
IF she comes back, I know Assistant Gamma Adam will be So happy. That just leaves me, the village fool. I tended to hang out with the other Betas of the family Ruling was for Alphas anyway. I just wanted to be left alone, but stepped up because I was needed. 
I realized as I turned right, I smelled human.
Nothing unusual. This area was marked off, and even with the fence, people still ignored the signs, the locked gate, and the Warrior guarding the entrance.
Except the gate was open. The signs were there, but I doubt a mortal would notice.
"Disobedience." I growled. I smelled blood.
My Brother may have been standing King of the Wolves, but my uncle ruled over us all. He'd commanded a long time ago that humans were not to be killed on the spot. We were ruled First to see if they were able to be released first.
We were told that only Headhunters, illegal poachers of supernatural creatures, could be culled like that. 
I would stop this, not because of the law but because I felt something.
I didn't know What. I didn't like it, but there was no way I'd allow this feeling to go unaccounted for.
I pulled over and shifted, destroying all the clothes that I'd worn. It doesn't shift with us. I was a wolf that towered over every other in my pack, being twice their size. My espresso blackish-brown fur rippled in the wind, while my horns spiraled like a mature ram's. I inherited these, though I didn't actually like them they were a sign of the Horned One the one who punishes. The one who sends people Below my grandfather.
I never spoke with that man much, but I still carried his blood and before I knew it, I was ripping out the throat of a Warrior. With my flaming bite being the Charred One they became ashes in my mouth. So sweet was the taste of carnage
This was the first time I didn't hold back. And I ripped limbs off torsos, crunching bone, tearing sinew.
The one who smelled of human blood screamed. I didn't even recognize who he was, he just had something, no someone I wanted safe. She screamed. The girl was covered in blood, and all I saw was red. 
[Boss its us!] yelled Marvin as I couldn't help myself. I gored him with a headbutt, and ripped the throat out of Steven. It was so fast My horns gutted him from the bottom of his torso, through his chest cavity I shifted I looked at my clawed hands.
There was so much blood on them.
I looked at the girl, who as I took steps to reassure her, she shook more until her sky blue eyes kind of rolled in the back of her head. I caught her. I had no control of myself
I bit her. I snarled as I did so 
Her blood dripped down my chin. She tasted like a fine aged wine and I could feel my pupils dilate.
I had no control over myself
She was the most delicious mortal I'd ever tasted, yet I did not kill her.
The girl passed out but I'd committed a crime for this woman 
This was Murder.
Treason too
I'd turned on my people for a Mortal it all happened so fast I didn't know why I looked at the shocked, horrified faces of the last two in the unit. I could kill them too and blame a Rogue no one finds
I killed four wolves in the blink of an eye but they were pack. Had they been Rogues, it wouldn't matter. Business as usual; you're protecting the pack and all that but this was murder.
Fuck
Why was I feeling pulled to this woman.
Why did I mark a Human?
There were murmurs of wolves as they appeared 
"Beta come quietly." Said Warrior Garlend. He kept his distance, looking at me as if I were a Rogue.
This was My Unit I killed my own wolves.
They looked at me with a combination of shock, fear, and horror. What I'd done was unthinkable I was to be their protector. Yet I didn't even Remember what I'd done. I only saw corpses.
For a Human. I still couldn't believe it.
"No." I said taking steps with this frail mortal in my arms. 
Why did I hold her?
###chapter 3
Kaizen
She was a very pale skinned straight haired ginger. It went to the middle of her back. She also had freckles that made her look cute. I liked her scent She smelled like . Like nature Like a fuzzy image of a serene forest photo out of focus. I didn't know if that was her perfume, or my imagination 
Deep down I didn't care I'd killed my people for her The connection was made.
"Beta. I Have to call this in." He said shakily.
"Mine." I growled, backing up with her still in my arms. More wolves were here More saw the blood on me, and it could not be denied that I'd done this.
Had I been quick about it maybe I could have gotten away with it for her sake a stranger a human. 
My mate
I could hear them murmur in disbelief, though I kept walking it was only 15 or so steps away, but it felt like miles. My heart was heavy for my actions, but lighter than the frail mortal in my arms. A single flinch, a sneeze, even my claws while not extended could kill her My grip would be enough.
I'd never touched one I wasn't going to eat, yet here I was, putting her in my passenger seat along with the closest bag I saw in their truck it smelled like her, so I had the right one. No one stopped me... They wouldn't be able to. I am Kaizen, the Charred One, the Horned Wolf of Tarteron, Hell.. The only one who could would be Alpha, my brother.
They didn't come any closer, but I could see the shock, horror, and disgust in their eyes 
Why was I putting a couple day's worth of meat in my car still breathing? Why was she not with her friends.? I didn't care about the other humans. They could finish them. As it was, I could tell that the others were partially eaten here and there. They'd picked off the good parts. Their hearts and livers were gone.
Yet I got into my black Hellcat. I took the man's clothes and shimmied into his small jeans they would have to do. No mortal clothing store would have anything, but I ripped the sides so I could force them to fit while I drove like a madman. I still had about a week's worth of clothes in my trunk. But I didn't think about that until I already had them uncomfortably on
I would be a Rogue now 
I'd thrown away my title of Prince and Beta in minutes 
I was a Rogue for a mortal. 
For my mate. 
This was meant to be a joyous day one met with well wishes and kind words. But not now.
No wolfpack would take me after this, not even father. 
I knew him he would respect my brother's wishes. Tyson would not stand for this, and my mother will be so disappointed She worked so HARD for us to be members of society, not shunned not feared like I was just now
How they looked. How I'd ripped them apart. They will have closed caskets
. How many did I Kill? 
I I didn't remember what I'd done, only the aftermath of it.
I drove West. I didn't have a place in mind I'd just stop when all the swirling thoughts did.
------Willow-----
I was cold and wet, but I almost didn't remember why  then I was Really cold with a splash of water. "Ah!" I screamed from the cold. "AHH!" I screamed louder. A 7 and a half foot tall ram horned man was in front of me! 
"Be Calm Mortal. I needed to make sure you weren't dying on me." He said with a sadness to his voice. But Who was this man? I needed to get Away from him.
The lights of his car were on, and his front doors were open. But I could tell that wouldn't be a way of escape. I saw the key-fob clipped on his belt. Crap.
The tall dark olive-skinned man looked at me sternly, and I wondered what he was going to do with me His hair seemed to almost be to his hips. I think it was black, but the lights of the car made it look dark brown
Holy crap. His eyes They reflected the light
"As I said Be Calm Mate." He growled it sounded like a bear. He towered over me, even though he was a bit of a distance away. 
I don't get why he called me that, I Wasn't his friend.
My heart raced, and I scooted away as best as I could he looked almost bored at my fear He had claws, red eyes, and big goat horns Those eyes were not red as in bloodshot They were crimson. His eye color was Crimson He looked exactly like depictions of the Adversary I'd see in the Church of the Sun as a child monsters were real, and his fanged smile told me I should run.
I knew I was sober. I knew this was Real.
I tripped, trying to get away, but there was a definitive Snap. I got up, slipping all my weight on the rock underneath me, and my left leg got caught on something, not coming with me as I kicked and wiggled so he wouldn't catch me.
But that had a price.
My leg was broken by my own struggleTo break it like this I swear the Adversary was against me..
"It was why I told you to Be *Calm* Mortal; that leg was Already close to breaking as it was." Huffed the enormous man I flinched as he squatted down to talk to me. "I am Kaizen the Charred One, Horned Wolf of the Adversary." He said quietly. "Stop trying to run. I may be in man's skin, but I am Not." He warned.
" Aren't you going to eat me?" I asked.
He chuckled, but it was one that held no humor. "No. quite the opposite my mate." He looked up. The sun threatened to come up at any moment, and I screamed when he touched my good leg. "Stop. I don't want to accidently break it. I'm trying to help you." 
I had no choice but to trust himI saw what he could do I froze as he grabbed my bad leg, and made a splint. "That should do until I get you to a meat market." He mumbled.
"A WHAT?!" I yelled, trying to scramble from him. He didn't Budge at All.
He sighed. "They have a hospital for humans there. I'm sure you can tell Why *I* won't take you to a normal one." He patted his horns. Was he trying to make a Joke?!
"I'm not going somewhere where I KNOW they chop people up!" I yelled.
"Don't worry. You belong to Me." He said possessively. "No one will harm you there."
It sent a shiver down my spine, yet. Deep down I swear it was like I Liked his claim on me.
He then ran clawed fingers through his hair... it looked black, but in the moonlight, I could see the Slightest brown tint to it... 
I had no words, so he continued.
"You will Need medical care. Now that you know we are real, you will not be able to stay in human places. Your friends are dead, and the police will erase them. They will tell humans that they died in an accident, and you did as well. Either that or make a kidnapping case on the news to hunt me down." He said thinking out loud. "I saved you from being eaten. I wouldn't forsake my People, My Rank, and My Title for nothing. You are my mate."
He said that word again. I didn't say anything the first time but it sounded like some kind of title.
"It is." He said calmly. "You are my soul bonded mate. It's why I saved you."
"What?" I asked in confusion.
"The mark of mate binds us. I had no control over myself, but we are bound together. I think this is too much information for you isn't it?" He asked as if he were a little annoyed at himself.
". It is" I mumbled.
"Then let's start over. I'm Kaizen. *Former* prince of my people." 
It was too much. Who was this person how could I believe someone like that a minion of the Adversary. Anything that wasn't human was evil that was what I was taught growing up but I had to say Something to him
"Thank you." I managed to stutter. ". You said your name's Kaizen. I'm Willow." I said offering my hand to shake.
He gently clasped it with his thumb and three of his fingers. He softly shook, and kissed my hand. 
It was . Electric.
"Again I am Kaizen though I am no longer a Prince not after tonight. We are both vagabonds." 
"But I didn't do anything." I whispered looking down, shedding tears for my fallen friends. "If we go to the police-" he cut me off.
"You are now property of OpalMoon pack, and I am wanted for Murder for Saving You." He growled it sounded like an animal. "Back there, you Will be chopped up Alive out of Revenge. They cannot best Me, but they can You." He said sternly. "I know this is a bit much but that is why I parked off the side of the road you've slept 6 hours now To be honest we need to Move. I'm not sure if we're being chased." He said looking at the direction of the road, but he used some ripped jeans and some sticks to stabilize my leg now that I was listening, and calm enough to notice that detail.
". Then as crazy as it sounds I have no choice but to trust you." I said silently.
I was still wearing Drew's blood on my clothes he went to his car, and handed me my bag. Without saying a word, he looked away and let me undress in privacy, choosing to stand behind his car, facing the dirt road he made I hesitantly changed into some blue leggings and my hot pink oversized sleepshirt, while he lit his hands on fire. He turned my clothes to ashes. I could feel the heat off him. I'd seen what he turns into there was no point in running, and trying would probably get me killed.
"Good. It would be best not to contact your family I know I did not enjoy speaking with mine." He said picking me up. I looked at his horns become hair, his eyes become mor amber, and his fangs receded for the most part. I didn't drink last night I didn't hit my head either.
I remember passing out from fear that was Real.
Holy Shit.
I let him put me in his car, and the drive was silent, if not for my racing thoughts. He was a Real monster. There were no doubts about it. He turned the stations with his claws, casually scratching his chin. Looking in the mirrors being a good driver but he was a wolf in man's clothing. 
A werewolf. 
A demon.
.And apparently, I was his mate.
###chapter 4
Willow
I rubbed the wound on my neck I felt no pain from it This was the mark he was talking about. It was there
I wanted to know more about this connection he spoke of that it was why he saved me, but I was also hesitant to.
The sight of what he was was still Fresh. He was Massive it may as well could have been a bear against puppies. But at the same time, he Did that For Me. The lead wolf man was about to kill me. But I was saved. I didn't understand why. I also didn't understand Why I feel like I could trust his words. 
It was like something told me that I should accept whatever fate he gave me I prayed to the Light the Lord of Light blesses all his children.
"Could you not think so loudly?" He asked a little annoyed. 
I blinked twice. 
"I get that you're afraid and praying, but it is distracting." He mumbled.
I sat there with my mouth agape.
". That was Private." I hissed, surprised that I'd pull that tone myself.
"Sorry It's passive. Some Old wolves can hear other, weaker wolves but I hear everyone all the time." He grumbled. 
"Well Try." I said defensively. 
"I Am, but it's hard with you going 'Oh Light he's real and so big and blah blah blah. I wanted to hear Tom and the Morning Show you know." He said it with a grin.
I turned red in embarrassment. "Shush!" was my only counter and he laughed.
"No promises." He grinned. "While we're making small talk and you're thinking about how you saw my dick, have any supernatural questions?" 
"Ah! I did Not Say that, Think that! You know what I mean!" I screamed, slapping his arm and he laughed harder. 
"Fun fact: That hit was in slow motion for me. Next time I'll dodge it, and tease you more." He smiled.
". Then Driving must be boring." I said with a huff He was intent on messing with me it seemed.
"Yes, I Am a clown." He replied to my thought rather than my words. "But Yes, driving is Very boring, since I am faster. Look at that one speed." He pointed a clawed finger at a Honda going at Least 100. "His wife's cheating and he's caught her."
"You shouldn't be so nosy." I said briefly seeing how upset the other driver was. "That guy who's going too slow is gossiping." I said making something up, pointing to a blue Accord. I figured why not try to extend an olive branch. It took my mind off what happened
"That's the spirit." He grinned. "He made bad grades is on a road trip home to see his folks." He paused, slowing down to snoop. "They think he's going to be a doctor, but instead he's going to drop out and be an artist." He said squinting his eyes. "He keeps debating on calling them Now in advance or not." He said speeding back up.
"What do you think he should do." I asked.
"I'm a hundred as of midnight. I'm Immortal. I can't even die like regular supernaturals. I feel like humans worry too much about being the Best at something they hate, rather than living for what they love." He said firmly. "I mean"
"No... You're right. I became a teacher because I love teaching. I mean the kids can be a handful, even at a really expensive private school, but once you get past that part, they're usually great. But I won't be able to do that this year will I?... oh and happy birthday to the both of us" I said quietly.
He was silent. I think that threw even him off guard
"Happy birthday." He said sadly. "27 is a good age."
"Sorry." I said quietly. It took everything I had not to shed a tear.
". I don't want you nervous around me. You don't have to be." He gently grazed his thumb under my eyes, catching the single tear. "All you know of the human world is Gone for you your time stops with me" he said putting his hand on mine. "I'll make sure the rest of your life is filled with joy little one. You are now My responsibility." 
He said that like he meant that with every fiber of his being.
"I do. You have my blood oath. On my Horned blood, I will protect you, nourish you and respect you as my mate you are the Only person I could ever be with." He said pressing his thumb claw into his index finger as we drove. "Unlike humans, my word is true. Whatever it is I vow, I *Must* keep it. It is our way." He said firmly.
"Then I'll hold you to that." I said holding his hand while he drove. 
"When you're ready ask anything of me, and I will try my best to answer." He said petting my hair. He pulled it away reluctantly, but I I didn't want him to stop.
I should be afraid I should still be trying to escape. But I wasn't.
I don't know if it was a magic spell or What but his touch felt nice. It felt like I really could Truly Trust someone I just met, but the commonsense side of me told me to still be at least a little suspicious. After all, he may have killed for me and saved me, but he was still a monster.
What I sat next to was what I'd been warned about all my life. He was an Actual Monster. A Monster the OTHER monsters were Afraid of. And his grin was Not helping..
He was the real deal, no questions about it I was taken by this man, and he vowed to be my protector but he was still a Man-eating, Adversary hailing. Actual Demon. It was surreal. It really was. But his face looked so calm. As if we'd known each other our entire lives, and this was a Sunday morning ride.
Not that I was a fugitive because of laws I knew nothing about
Not that I still had physical and mental whiplash from last night.
I was a human a human in the hands of a Literal Monster. He didn't say any snarky comments this time. He'd made his point He could hear me, so there was no point in planning anything. 
Yet. I also made no effort to even think of one 
"Tell me more about mates." I probed. Maybe this was why.
"It is." He said, picking and choosing what to respond to. "The bond of mate. It is all the heart and half the soul. You know, I used to think that part was bullshit until I met you." He said glancing at me briefly 
Now that I'd calmed down, he was really handsome. His body looked like sculpted, olive skinned marble His predominant features were like a Roman statue chiseled. head to toe.
"You're hot yourself." He grinned. "Those freckles are absolutely adorable."
I shyly thumbed them. I hated those dots but he's the first person to complement them. The men I kn-
He snarled.
I gasped. I froze like an idiot but he put his hand on the bite. Instead of pain, I felt a wave of calm. What the hell.
"I should apologize for that outburst. Don't think of the losers who weren't your only. To be a mate it is an unbreakable bond except if You were to reject me." He mumbled. "We were made to be with each other by the goddess before we were even born. And meant to be with each other for eternity. Should you mark me back and accept this bond, you get the share that immortality" He sounded worried, as if I'd reject him immediately.
I don't understand it, but I wouldn't.
"Um. That sounds like a lot" I said looking out the window
That sounded like More than marriage with someone I Just met 
"There's more to it, but I feel like if I talk about it now, it'll be too much to take in all at once. But long story short. I claimed you on instinct. I literally had no control over myself You're already bound to me. If you allow yourself to choose this bond, know you'll never be alone." He said quietly. "The bond of soulmate is unbreakable to all But the people linked through it..." 
"That sounds like even More." I said, seeing him smile.
"I know. To be honest, I'm just glad I got my mate." He said touching my hair. "Sorry. You're really soft and Fuck Knows you're so small It's calming."
"I don't mind." I said quietly, and he looked like a kid that just tried candy for the first timeAnd I felt like this was the first time I'd ever had my head touched.
He pet my hair, gently dragging his hand down to my neck His thumb on where he bit me should have been painful but instead it was almost as if there was a connection that ran from my neck straight to my core holy cow.
"I find it cute that you don't swear much." He commented smoothly.. he sounded a little huskier. "My urge to be marked by you is so strong, I can't think straight."
"I don't know about that yet" I said feeling unsure about all this..
"Don't worry about it, there isn't a rush; I'm not asking for your decision right Now." He said with a small smile. It looked like I Crushed him. And I felt bad for it.
I hesitated to touch him, but I did reassure him. "I didn't say I was against it."  I mumbled. Why was I doing this? Why was I so friendly with my captor.? Why did I go along with all this so easily.? Was the mate bond Really This strong?
 I Knew the answer to that was 'yes', but I think I was still in denial that all this was happening.
###chapter 5
Willow
It was still intimidating to be in the car with someone so big so strong so new He was literally a stranger, though for the past 2 hours I heard the news about my 'death'.
"Willow Samules, Andrew Armors, and his fiancé Amanda Higgles have all been reported dead this morning Tom." Said one host.
"Yes Tom, it's Tragic. Their truck was found with Andrew driving. Authorities say they're on the scene, however there were bottles found inside the car. It's believed that they may have died from alcohol related issues." He said calmly.
But it repeated over and over again.
I looked at my phone and it was there too. Fax News, GNN, The Tomorrow Show. Everyone was talking about the 'surge in drunk driving'. I was made out to be a secret alcoholic My Parents were on Tv Crying their eyes out
He was Right and texting them now would just be evil 
"I'm sorry." He said patting my shoulder. "Had I been there a Little sooner they might be living as well. " He tried consoling me, and I shook my head.
"I have a feeling you only say that to make me feel better. And for it I thank you." I said looking out the window. We were passing a sign advertising McDarrel's and it was past 10:30am.  
How could I be hungry?!
I'd just heard that all three of us were marked dead and I want food!
Without another word he got off the closest exit. "You mourn, but you can't control when you're hungry" He said as his stomach growled.
"Well, we can both get burgers." I said with a sad smile. He didn't return it.
"Unfortunately, I can't eat 'people' food that greasy." He said pulling into the drive through.
"You eat People." I said more as a joke, but he was silent. The side glance he gave me made his eyes change from orange to red to black.
"Don't worry. I swore I wouldn't eat You unless you want me to." He grinned, taking my hand and kissing it.
I slapped him. He grinned wider. "Ooo- someone smells like Fear. That's Hot." He growled, but it sounded like a regular person. "Oh come on that was funny." He complained. "You're no fun." He humphed.
"Welcome to McDarrel's." Said the cashier. I could hear her on WeTube Shorts.
"Um. I want two vanilla shakes extra-large, a Big Derrel. And a large fry." 
"The ice cream machine is broken. Do you want the Big Darrel to be a combo?'  She asked.
"God damnit. Do you drink Koke?" I whispered.
"That's fine, but diet's better." He said with a frown. 
"Do you want to convert your order to a combo?" She asked.
"Yeah, and can I get a pup cup too?" I asked and he looked at me as if I'd cursed him out.
"We don't have that." She said with the screen to pull around popping up.
". I'm not a Pup." He grumbled quietly.
"Then can you add whipped cream as a side?" I asked.
It was silent a moment.
"$15.57 Pull around." She said as I could hear beeps in the background of her headset.
We did as we were told, and she was absolutely swamped. There were more people inside, and many were parked in a vacant lot to the side. Since it was off the interstate, I could only assume that this was a makeshift Truckstop. There were a lot of large 18-wheelers to the left, and to the right was farmland. I had no idea where we were, but wherever it was, it was basically the middle of nowhere.
The woman took our money while she was taking orders, and handed us our food. Well my food. She also gave us a look when Kaizen took the pup cup and started licking it.
"Thank you." I said cheerfully while Kaizen handed the food to me.
"Have a good day." She said with a genuine smile.
He pulled off slowly, distracted by the sweet treat in his left hand.
"I'm Not a pup. But thank you for thinking of me." He said relenting. He Did like it, but I could only assume being a 'pup' was an insult.
"You're not a pup because you like whipped cream." I said shaking my head.
"I've never had fast food on account of human food being hard enough to digest. Most wolves Can, but I am a pureblooded royal. Those in the royal family get indigestion." He said putting the small paper cup on the top of my head. "And since I'm banished, I figured I'd give you at Least a paper crown." 
"Oh stop." I said making a duck beak with it. It was silly, but he started it.
He smiled. "If you want to know, we're in Kansus. About an hour west past Witchita."
"I'm From here. If we get back on-" he cut me off.
"I don't think it's a good idea. You've made national headlines. We've Both Seen it. It would give your people Less closure. You can never go back to Your life as much as I can't either."
"I know but-" I was cut off again.
"Imagine your dead loved one, one that you're planning to bury knocks on your door to say 'hi', and can never return only they aren't a spirit or anything. They're alive. They're alive, with a 7'5 foot tall horned man with red eyes. How much closure would they have? They would look for you the rest of their lives, and could be imprisoned if they make too much noise." He warned.
"Whatever peace they'd get would be gone but what do you mean by that? Are they in danger?" I asked.
"Humans have their own police force. We have our own too. The Secret Police is a unit of humans and supernatural creature alike. They're Sole Purpose is to maintain the treaty of 1605 and 1607. That humans remain ignorant, and supernaturals keep to their own. That if either side breaks the law, then that individual belongs to the other." He said getting back on the interstate.
"But I didn't Do anything All we did was camp out there." I said a little defensively.
He sighed. "By crossing our border and knowing who we were, you all forfeited your freedom Willow. The addendum made years ago might have saved you if we had mind wiping potions or magic but they didn't follow the law. They just started killing because their leaders were away." He sounded frustrated. 
"Then maybe you could appeal all that; you're probably still a prince until trial"
"I was a lazy Beta, and an even Worse Alpha substitute if they couldn't at Least follow orders a few days. My brother may be standing King but he has already ruled that I am to be captured and returned to the kingdom alive. He means to punish me."
I looked out the window, as it was silent a moment. "Then I have nowhere to go, and you vowed to keep me safe for now let's just drive and see where this takes us." I mumbled.
"I can do that." He said with a nod. "And now that you've eaten, I'll make sure you get your leg mended. It doesn't hurt, does it?" He asked out of concern, and I nodded.
"It's kind of numb, but the pain is there." I admitted. 
"I'll make sure I get you something at the Meat Market, but when I take you, you Cannot leave my side." He warned.
" I don't think I want to go to a place where it's pretty obvious people are on the menu." I said quietly, and he chuckled.
"Humans are on nearly every menu. It is why the treaty keeps us secret." He scoffed. "I mean no ill towards your people, but every state has at least two. Humans in reality are food Willow. Supernaturals manage this world. Most of you live in blissful ignorance, especially since most meat now is farm raised." He said casually.
"We aren't beef cows!" I yelled a little angrier than I meant to, and he glanced at me briefly.
"It is a hard pill to swallow, but I gain Nothing by lying to you. Every supernatural, every Single One should be treated as a man eater. Unless they're a unicorn or herbivore, they aren't exactly vegan. I kind of wish I was lying, I really do." He said nothing else.
We sat like this for about an hour. The radio blared, and I sat there looking out the window. I came from a small town in the heart of the country I was blessed enough to work in Vermount. Yet there was an entire world I didn't know. How many of them had I encountered
"What's all out there?" I asked.
"I don't know if you're ready." He said tapping a claw on the steering wheel.
"Is it That bad?" I asked timidly. He was Massive so much so that I knew he had to shrink to fit in this car so my imagination wasn't playing tricks on me I don't think I'd seen his true height
"You did last night and Yeah. Because All of it, even some of the slasher films are out there. Chuck the Doll is inspired from a Real spell. Vampires, witches, dragons, trolls, unicorns, elves, werewolves, werebears, various animal-kin, goblins, hybrid magical, mindless beasts, and half beasts who Do have a mind, like minotaur." He said without skipping a beat. "I am a werewolf technically. Both my parents are purebloods, but my father's father is the Horned One. My mother's grandfather is the King of Wolves." 
I was quiet a Long time there was a short period where I didn't even hold thoughts. But I accepted it better than I thought I would. Instead of freak out, in my fear of him, I asked more questions
"But I assume your brother is in training for his position. I remember something about him being a standing king Is the original king sick or something?" I asked. His gentle hand on my shoulder calmed me That was the mate bond; it gave me comfort, like I knew of all the stuff out there, he would shield me from it
"No, he just wants to retire a bit. Tyson with our blessings and size equal his, so King Ashital has stepped down Last night was my brother's inauguration party.and I pull This. But I'd do it again." He growled.
". Why?" I asked He saved me, trading all he was.
"Because you are the gift the goddess gave me." He said honestly. He seemed conflicted, but pointed to the exit. "There's the meat market." He said getting into the right lane.
###chapter 6
Kaizen
Well fuck I broke her.
She sat there going in circles in her mind, while I passively snooped. Mortals were never meant to know so much, because when they did, they weren't happy being prey. They hunted us out of spite and revenge. What most of us did was out of necessity. Had I lived during the old times, my body count would be much higher, since I can't even process human foods. Breads and grains were especially a no.
Maybe it was the grease? 
I don't know. But I Did know I wouldn't buy man's meat for her sake when I got there. Most Meat Markets have alternative meat at times, like supernatural cattle. An example would be blood bull, the same leather my seats were made of. They're named that because of their coat color and that they Actually charge people wearing red.
I also knew I enjoyed the slightly insulting name of the thing she got me  to be honest it was kind of funny. That she thought of me in Any way made me feel the intense pull to get her to mark me, and complete the process
I needed to be patient.
She Literally broke her leg by falling over. What the Fuck would I do if I lost control again, if I was the one who hurt her?
I nearly outwardly winced..
How Would This Even Work. I knew of a wolf on the Council, I think the Fifth Seat, had a mate like this. And all I ever remember was him stressing the Fuck Out when he didn't know where she was.
Also... unlike other Normal wolves I don't have a human side, so understanding her will be hard... It's like a coin. They have a human side to think human ways, to see things like they could, and to walk on two legs Normal werewolves are even Born human, so if the mother needs to birth around people, there's no suspicion.. 
Because of that, the wolf in them is usually not dominant. That inner wolf doesn't come out as much, as Most live their lives in a human form being the prevailing part of their double-faceted soul They talk to them and everything. The wolf is the more carnal, instinctual side of our people... the issue is that I'm ONLY that aspect. 
Me and my siblings were born only the wolf it's why I worry It's why I hesitated to touch her
My father's mother is the Moon Goddess, yet I never once asked about this kind of thing. To be fair, speaking with her didn't really happen... and now to be fairer still, I broke her law.
It was the ONE law she punished wolves for breaking, since it disrupts the pairs she painstakingly makes.
Killing on the Harvest Moon gave you a curse. a 200-year sentence of not finding one's mate to Wait for them to be born and find you yet for some reason, I wasn't worried. She Did give me my bond after allso at least someone had pardoned me of my great crime.
I feel her presence always, because I am a wolf, but as her grandchild, we are distant. She did that so we wouldn't rely on her, or become spoiled. She did visit, but she never gave us what we wanted Just because we were her grandchildren. For that I was thankful. It allowed my other two siblings to figure something out.
". So this is where they package us up.." She mumbled. This place terrified her, as it Should, but she was upset that I brought her here. She Knew from my words, that human hospitals were out, but she also didn't like knowing her true station.
In this world, men were meat, yet, they were kept ignorant to prevent more war.
The industrial factories were on either side of the street, though only one was the right one. GPS stopped working once I got close. I'd have to manually find it the rest of the way.
"It is." I mumbled. I hated that she'd have to see this, but taking her to a hospital would alert the Secret Police. And I really don't want any encounters with them.
/Dying on my birthday. Fun./ she thought sarcastically. She really was freaking out, and I felt like being firm about this would make her listen. I can't save her if she's just out of reach
She made me worry that she'd try something.
"Hey I'm serious." I warned. "I know I'm not the best at being gentle, but I warn you because I don't want you to be killed Vampires more or less run most markets They're a pretty heartless race." 
/Not as heartless as You./ she thought. I sighed.
".. Don't be that way." I said hesitating, but touching her hair mortals are so fucking soft. It felt like one of my sister's old plushies... her skin was pillow soft too, but I pulled my hand away my hand was too close to her neck to continue.
fuck 
"Sorry I didn't Mean that." She lied. She did, but she was honestly trying to apologize.
"I'll take it; any one else would have my wrath, but with you it's not a thing." She shyly looked down. She was shy by how my words made her blush; marking was warming her up to me.
I found the meat market by the scent. I could smell vampire, blood, meat, and metal. There was also the scent of cleaner too, since these places were highly regulated. 
Unicorns were only there to ensure there weren't any mistreatment or smuggling laws being broken. Humans were processed like beef cows, though the culling part involved vampire beguiling and draining them so fast they don't have the chance to feel pain. After that, they were butchered. Orcs, trolls and drakes typically did that. Drakes also guarded the place. I could see one as I pulled up.
The outside guards said nothing, nor did they bow. We were off the beaten path a bit, but even still, appearances were always maintained just in case. I pulled over, and she hesitantly got out. I carried her to get there faster, but I let her stand on her own inside.
 . She was so close. I could feel her rabbit-like heartbeat I found myself holding her under my armpit as I walked with her. She hugged my waist it made me swell with pride that she saw me as her protector.
She had a right to be fearful for her, this was probably The most dangerous situation she could be in.
The lobby was so clean I couldn't smell anything once I got to the counter. This was the human side of the place. They even ironically had a human receptionist. The other side, a wooden door in the white walled, tiled room, was the supernatural side. When the door closed, I could relax.
"Ah," I said releasing my horns, and relaxing my eyes to black. 
I also allowed myself to tower over them all being 7'5. Most shifters were 6 feet and up, most Alphas were 6'5. 7 was reserved for Royal Bloods, and taller still were Old Ones and such. Many who were beyond mortal height however, hid it as best as they could, oftentimes with magic but even still most didn't venture into the human world.
"Does hiding your .stature hurt?" She asked sweetly. She was a little shit, but at least when it came to me, she was trying to be considerate.
"It doesn't hurt, but it feels like Like taking your shoes off after a long day." I said with a smile. She was so fucking small like maybe 5 feet?  the goddess has a sense of humor. 
The drake guard on the other side took one look at me and kneeled on bended knee. 
"Your highness I didn't know one of the Horned would grace our little eatery." He smiled. "Did you bring this one for process or repair?" He asked as if we were speaking about a car. Humans were animals to them, but this one was special. It offended me but I didn't show it.
I could tell she was about to say something, but I interrupted.
"Willow is my mate. Treat her as you would another Horned." I said and he bowed.
"Then I'll get Dr. Bartholomew. He's gentler on the mortals, your highness." He said leaving.
"Wow, so you really are a prince." She smiled.
"You think That's something; sometimes I can make a tiny flame flicker between these bad boys." I patted my horns. I was pretty proud of how big they were now. They weren't as huge as father's or my uncles', but they did spiral somewhat.  "Father says that it means I can probably do magic like my little sister but I don't think I'll ever try that." I smiled.
"Why not? Magic is Real? I Always wanted to fly on a broom!" She giggled.
"Nah, that stuff's for witches. I summon Hell's fire and red lightning. But possibly one day I could Maybe arrange that." I smiled. I could also, unlike my siblings, turn into a flash of lightning and zip across the sky short distances. But I didn't mention that
To use that much energy though would make me hungrier than I already was.
Her eyes lit up. 
Better I pop her bubble now than some asshole lore her in with promises of ghost ship rides.
"I guess I forgot to mention magic, curses, hexes, possession, and soul stealing as well as Soul Devouring is also possible in our world. And demons. Those guys hate anything that isn't stamped by their masters, and You Are Human. Stay Away from Magic." I chastised.
/He's no fun./ she huffed in her head pouting which I had to admit was cute. 
###chapter 7
Willow
"I need to go. Please don't leave the side of your escorts." Said Kaizen. He pulled me into a hug it felt nice, warm, but I didn't know him. "Let me put my scent on you." He mumbled before I could protest.
"Okay." I said suddenly shy at this closeness, I could feel how strong he was through his thin shirt. His voice was husky and loving, as if I was his wife and we were about to part for a long time. The bite on my neck tingled it was like it was affecting the Right response 
I Should be trying to get out of his hold, yet, I didn't want to I hugged him back he was tense. When he let go, I was escorted by men who looked cold as ice once we were out of Kaizen's reach.
There's no telling how I'd be treated if they didn't see that hug now that I thought of it It told them without words I meant Something to him.
"Walk faster. Don't look." Said the man who walked in front of me. The long white halls had glass on the other side. I saw, but couldn't really remember what I what I was looking at.
I had trouble keeping up, looking at the floor, briefly glancing up every so often now as I walked. But my mouth was a little slack since it was open. This really was something I wasn't meant to see. I walked past cages filled with 5 people a piece, while on the left wall, there were rooms for killing they wore white prison clothes. They had them hooked up to machines, draining them like they were juice boxes.
It dawned on me how much danger I was in, but when I slowed down, my hand was grabbed. "Walk faster mortal." he hissed. "You Breathe because you are his majesty's Pet. Be a good pet and see nothing, hear nothing, and Do nothing."
The head vampire nearly dragged me down the hall, and in the last room, I was plopped in a chair as if I were an old backpack at the end of a long day. 
"Sit and say nothing." Hissed the vampire, and I could see his fangs
I nodded. I don't understand why I did as he said it was almost as if I were in a daze for a second.
He looked like he wanted to eat me, but I assume he didn't because of Kaizen even though he wasn't a prince anymore, he still held enough of a name that I wasn't treated the complete way they wanted.
I waited on the exam table, and I was quiet. I could hear faint crying and pleas from one woman it made me wish Kaizen was here He was one of them but I know he wouldn't treat me like that I trusted him 
"No! I don't want to go in there! Please! I didn't do anything wrong!" She yelled, but I could hear the vampire.
"How did she get scissors?" Growled one man animalistically.
"You're Fine. Imagine you're at the park." A man said soothingly.
"I don't know what that is sir" Admitted the girl. 
She screamed in terror, but I heard the original vampire. I think he slapped the scissors out her hand and she screamed in pain. The sound of metal sliding across the floors was unmistakable.
"Then you're doing something Peaceful. Deal with this Mess!" He growled aggressively, and I didn't hear her anymore
"Forgive me lord-" whoever it was, was cut off, and slapped.
"Clean this MESS before the Master's Fucking Nephew Sees It!" he shouted.
"I can still harvest her entirely since you only took the hand. Give me a minute." Said someone else, completely calm
They were killing people, and the doctor that came in was covered in blood. He looked of Asian descent, being almost as tall as Kaizen but not quite. He also had his mostly white hair in a bun, though the black stripes were dark and distinct you could tell that it was either dyed like that, or it was his natural hair tone, as there was not a single gray to be seen.
He also looked pretty busy, holding a blood splattered clip board, pulling a pen out from behind his ear. As mortified as I was, it was just another day for him It made me hesitate to extend my hand to shake, but he didn't return it
"You must be Willow. Let me see the leg." He said sitting in a stool with wheels, sliding across the room.
I silently glared at him, because my hesitation was warranted. "It's nice to meet you, What's your name doctor?" I was in this sterile place. but even with the air so dry, the metallic smell of blood wafted around as if it were part of the walls themselves
"Unfortunately, I can't tell you that, but please, tell me more about your injury."
"It's broken, but I can still put weight on it." I said politely. "Kaizen saved me. But I fell and did this." I kept it vague.
"Ah. His majesty is very merciful." He said with a small smile. I gave my best fake one. As it was, the hair on the back of my neck stood up, being so close to the doctor.
Kaizen wasn't here I would have to be careful. I felt like if I angered him, he'd add to the blood collected on his jacket He also had claws. As he wrote what I said down, he hummed with a nod. They were out and pointed as if it were a silent threat to behave.
"Don't worry. I'm a panda shifter; we're vegan." He chuckled but he was the doctor involved with killing that woman he was the one talking about the harvesting. "I know you're a little 'shaken' but no one will harm his majesty's pet." He said soothingly 
I wasn't a damn pet but snapping at him wasn't a good idea. I remained silent.
I hesitantly lifted my leg, and he used a claw to gently cut the fabric. It wiggled side to side as if it were shattered. It felt so numb there was no pain from him doing that I was Horrified, but I tried my best to be smart about this. I chose to try and get the awkward out the air by joking.
"It's nice to know you're a panda that's like one of my favorite animals." I said to make small talk, and he frowned.
"That's Cute, but if you want to keep your legs, I suggest you never say that to any other shifter. It's much More of an insult than you know." He warned. "This is a compound fracture, but now my question for you, is would you like to heal the old fashioned way, or through unicorn tears?" 
"Um what happens if I take the tears?" I asked.
"You'll heal instantly, but be sad the rest of the day. It's a deep, lethargic unhappiness that may linger until you eat a lot of sweets." He said truthfully. "This option isn't really available to the rest of the stock, since it leaves an off taste to the blood for a month or so." He said this as if I should be Proud that I wasn't . 'stock'.
"How do you even Get unicorn tears?" I asked.
"You tell your boss that he can't have ginger snaps." He chuckled. "It really isn't that hard to be fair, jokes aside. They can cry at will, since the healing properties are so strong. Their blood, horns, tears, even their bones are made of concentrated purity. They're the only creatures you can truly trust, that and your mate." He smiled. "Forgive me if I mistook you for a pet."
"Mate?" I asked. I played dumb to see what he would say.
"Half the soul and all the heart an unbreakable bond gifted on the whim of the Moon Goddess." He said looking up at nothing. He smiled, as if he were thinking of some fond, but distant memory.
I wanted to be Kaizen's fond memory.
He didn't let me get a word in, continuing to talk.
" For you to not have any other major bruises, you must be a well-behaved pet. Keep it that way. The Horned Wolves are the sons of the Beast and worse still literal grandchildren of the King of Hell."
I would have corrected him, but he left no room for it. He got materials out of a cabinet, as he'd began to prep the magical components.
Kaizen admitted to being the only person he could be with but maybe it would give him less trouble if they just assumed I wasn't his mate. The way they saw people was atrocious. Knowing them, it was against the law to be with him
"I'll keep that in mind." I said as I watched his smile leave as if I were wasting his time. 
He put a vile of glowing blue liquid into a syringe and got me to sit still. I hated needles, but if it meant that I would be better in one day, so be it. I didn't feel the poke, but I did feel my leg become strong again. And the bite on my neck too But to be fair, I didn't feel anything from it.
I stood, and I tried to shake his hand again, but he didn't extend his. 
"Have a good day." He said aptly leaving.  There was no more smile, nor kindness in his voice
It made me wonder was his kindness a farse
"Come mortal." Said the vampire, coming to fetch me. "You will enter the young master's car without issue. You Will do as his majesty says, no matter what it is. You will be a good pet for the Realm King's nephew. You will call your master his station, and you will not make a fuss." He commanded, and I felt my will leave me
I don't know what he'd did, but I felt calm like I was under some kind of mind control.
"You ready?" Asked Kaizen. He had a fairly large cooler in his left hand. It was big enough to hold at Least 20 pounds of food.
"Yeah." I said looking at the cooler.
"There's man's meat in here." He said, confirming my suspicion. 
I said nothing I didn't want to get in the car, not with someone like that I felt the danger of this man radiating off him like waves, but I silently sat while he drove off. I cursed myself. Why couldn't I walk away? Why couldn't I do anything other than shut up and sit down literally?
"You've been Mesmerized by the vampires. It'll ware off in 12 to 24 hours." He said simply. "I didn't want them to do that, but he must have felt that you wouldn't make a scene otherwise."
###chapter 8
Willow
"But I don't like this I want to honestly be away from you." I told him, and he shook his head.
Regardless of my wishes, it wasn't like he could just let me out the car and I'm off on my merry way. I didn't. I didn't remember what I heard. I couldn't recall why the panda shifter freaked me out or why the vampires were so scary. All I knew was the last words the head one said but even the details on his 'order', the very thing that controlled me in the first place was distorted in my memory.
"I understand. You saw the man's meat process. They leave nothing out. I bet you don't remember the assembly line, do you?"  he looked me in the eyes briefly, knowing full well that I didn't but he was still trying to be polite about it
. Assembly line? Thinking about details made my head hurt.
Everything was a haze nothing seemed real, though the only injection I got I SAW my leg heal in real time. Maybe it was that that had me so out of it. Yet it could not be denied that in this mind fog, I was aware what was going on  
The silence spoke paragraphs it made me uncomfortable, seeing as how Kaizen's mouth was slightly covered in blood I wondered did he eat someone. The answer was obviously yes
"I have no choice." He said firmly. "Sorry I didn't mean to come off so rude about it, but I need Meatand they didn't have any cattle meat. This facility only processes men." He looked almost angry about that fact. Angry at himself for having to do what he Had to do.
"I get that but couldn't you have taken me somewhere anywhere else?" I asked. 
"No. But I think you're looking more for an explanation I need a higher calorie intake than my siblings because of my abilities, my metabolism is Much faster. Hospitals would call the Secret Police, and I honestly I don't want to kill any more people. I would to protect you though." He said looking at the road.
There was an anger in his eyes some hatred of that statement
"But that's what you are as scary as that is I respect that."
" I fear the longer you stay with me." He trailed off, but I finished the statement.
"The more I'll see" I said looking out the passenger side window. I meant what I'd said. He saved my life at the cost of his home. At the cost of having a regular supply of food, shelter, and his family.
And I lost all that because I knew too much
"The entire process is behind glass, so when they have an inspection, there's nothing they can hide. I understand you're scared, but don't be scared of me. I won't harm you. I literally swore I wouldn't but I understand. I'm a monster." He said calmly.
I didn't 'forget' he read my mind and knew my feelings but I was human I was a woman who didn't know a Thing about self-defense next to a man eater 
"Yet even under this spell, I don't see myself without you." I said honestly. I couldn't see myself without my protector but this could be all the magic stuff they did to me
"That makes me happier than you'll ever know." He looked like he debated on saying something, but chose to change the subject. "But in the meantime, there's a hotel off the next exit. I know you'd like to sleep in a bed rather than in the car." He said with a small smile When he looked like that, even knowing what he'd done. One could momentarily forget.
"I would." I agreed. "Plus, that gives me a chance to take a shower that place made me feel dirty." I said shedding tears, suddenly feeling sad.
"When you get some sleep, you should be free of both the vampire and unicorn effects." He said pulling off the road. He wiped the tears off my face as gently as he could. "I'm sorry." He apologized, but honestly, he didn't have to.
"I'm alright." I lied, and he kissed me on the top of the head when pulled into a old dusty hotel it looked like an old truck stop time forgot, with all the doors to each room on the outside of the cracked, litter covered parking lot.
He hummed gently, and it made me lean into him His touch took all the bad away I forgot all the worry I held if only for a moment. That was addictive 
"They say love is a drug." Said Kaizen kissing me once more .It took my breath away this time.
It gave me goosebumps. I felt almost as if I were being shocked
He kissed me on the lips. It was soft, yet forceful. I knew I was kissing a prince. I could feel it in his touch that he was a leader It aroused mehis grunt did too. "I'll go inside. If you want, you can stay in the car." He said leaving, knowing Full well what he'd done
I silently nodded, and Really thought about his words. I was his mate That Kiss Proved that. I really did get the connection I wanted. When I got a chance, we would talk more about this.
But as it was, now that he wasn't in here, the sadness of the unicorn magic came back. It was strange being like this for no reason. They used the magic in the first place because of Kaizen anyway.
Being his mate held a lot of power that I should have flexed at that Meat Market The vampire might not have bewitched me. The panda shifter might have been nicer.
But I also understand it.
Why be nice to someone who's going to die?
They also saw me as as food
As cruel as a place like that was how Terrible that there were humans bred on farms to be turned to hamburgers. That if it wasn't there, I assume they would still need to get the meat somehow That meat kept the things that go bump in the night. Bumping somewhere else. 
Of all the things that I didn't remember I remembered that the place was spotless. And the people were clean.
 I swear I saw enormous wolves in the trees. It stopped my train of thought.
There was No way. But I also heard people talking. I couldn't understand the language, but I know one of them yelled at the other. I didn't See these men, but I knew they were here, probably at the crappy rest stop, arguing that they should have paid more money to be somewhere else.
 They left before Kaizen came back. As a monster to the other monsters, I assumed they were just scared off by him. He wasn't his full size or anything, but I'm sure they knew.
He got in the car and pulled around.
"I couldn't get a double-bedded room. So we'll have to share." He said nervously.
"We're adults, we can just put a blanket between us." I said seeing him nod.
"Yeah, that's not happening." He said getting out once we parked in front of 143, and he opened the door for me. There was a large king bed in there, a Tv, and a bathroom.. "It'll help with your sadness." He said opening the door for me too.
This place was a dump. I'd had my fair share of cheap motels while traveling because I didn't have a lot. but this was by far the worst one. "I assume they didn't ask for ID or anything." I said with a small smile.
"Nope." He said getting both our bags. I didn't know he had any luggage He also brought in the cooler too That was what made me kind of freak out. He plopped it on the floor, since there wasn't a fridge
I ran into the shower after I snagged some stuff from my bag. I was in there at least an hour, washing my hair and scrubbing the memories away
It didn't work, but it didn't stop me from trying. When I changed and got in bed, he went into the small bathroom... I'd used the only towel, but if he needed one, I might have a clean one left. I had almost an anxiety about sharing a bed with him.
Maybe we could go back and try to get a bigger room. They looked pretty sold out though.
"I do bite, but not too hard." He grinned, wiggling his eyebrows.
"Oh shut it." I complained squealing when he leaned forward. "Ah!"
He shook the bed with his weight, getting in with me. He was Too close but it felt nice. I found myself having my worries washed away. I should have resisted feeling this good from his company, but I hugged him. He pulled the sheets over top us.
"If you never mark me if we are to stay in one moment, let it be this." He said flipping me around, so my face was on his bare chest He was in just sweats. I could see the Horned One's symbol on his belly button. A circle with horns. 
"Kaizen" I said sheepishly Why wasn't I resisting.? He was-
"I know I'm hard, but let me have this." He hissed. "It's hard not to be. A temptress is in my bed." He snickered.
"You're hot yourself." I said pushing him away playfully. I could tell he let me but I could Also tell that he never took his hands off my waist
God his touch lit me on fire His playful gaze told me he'd heard me.. but his loosened hold also told me he wouldn't try anything.
"Goodnight little mate." He yawned.
"Goodnight big mate." I said relenting to this feeling.
I went to sleep with him being the big spoon I'd never experienced that before True affection, not just a façade because they want to get with me. He said nothing. He was already asleep
###chapter 9
Kaizen
Willow slept like a pup, while I sat on our bed.
Not the one I imagined snuggling on for the first time  but she didn't mind. She was taking this much better than I thought she would.
The leaky faucet in the tub was going to make me rip it out the wall, being part of why I couldn't sleep. This was a Very cheap, ratty motel that didn't ask for my ID, and let me pay cash. 
It was also a benefit that they had this last room available I couldn't risk being too far away. She was a mortal after all, still under the control of a Vampire Lord of his caliber. Honestly, he might have his influence on her up to 72 hours, but I didn't want to scare her more fear makes it last longer.
Holding half the marking would likely help her purge it faster than that.
My phone rang. It was my brother.
[Come home.] Tyson snarled in wolf speech. He was so mad he couldn't speak words.
"I will not." I said firmly in English.
[You are my brother, but the crimes you committed must be brought to justice.] He growled. [Their mates still weep their pups are without fathers You Will have a fair trial. I swear that.]
"You will behead me. Even now, you cannot speak mortal tongue." I said much more calmly than I thought I could.
He sighed. "I'm not out to kill you, but death is the penalty for murdering pack. And Running makes you look More guilty. I am King; I cannot and Will not play favorites. If I do, Everything our ancestors fought for would be for Nothing."
"I Know. I won't lie and say that you're wrong Even before you called I Still feel guilty but brother I don't know what to do All my life I have lived in your shadow Grace is gone, so am I."
"You aren't goneBut this must be righted. You and that mortal need to come to the Council."
"You will Leave my mate Out of this." I hissed.
"We both know that neither grandparent would give us a Mortal." He scoffed.
".... do not call again. We have nothing more to say." I said hanging up.
He texted me, and I blocked him.
I didn't even see what he'd said.  And I still didn't believe it either, but there she was small mortal a possible target Because of her natural weakness.
There was a pain in my chest. 
What would they do to her? She's so tiny
Kill her Offer her as meat in the Deli so the wolves left could have some kind of vengeance
How did everything get so fucked up? Tonight should be joyous, yet here I am worried for her sake and mourning that I will never see my family That eventually I will have to fight them for her sake
He was my older brother by a few seconds We were born together, and I thought we would die together too. There was nothing that we didn't do together, no shenanigan too small. even when we were pups without human forms, we did everything.
The three of us
Everything together.
That word it made my chest hurt.
This was actually my first time apart from him Like This., and the last time we spoke, it ended in a fight. 
If my grandparents look down and see me out here in the human world, would they hate me too? How disappointed my father must be I know my mother as a council member had to publicly denounce me. Her youngest son.
I have brought Shame on my people for my mate. I wasn't Thinking. I don't even remember what I did not fully.
I felt more that I was in mourning than on the run.
If she doesn't mark me. I will watch her grow old. It's only fair.
After that I'll turn myself in and get beheaded. 
She didn't ask for this but I want her to mark me back but I want her to choose me too why do I keep going back and forth like this?
"My goddess Lulliba, the Pale Lady hear the prayer of your fallen son I never meant to kill anyone I'm going to Hell for betrayal I killed my own pack, my own squad for a human." I said putting my hands on my face.  "A Fucking Mortal. For Meat. for meat that will turn to rotted flesh in less than a century if she does not choose mesomeone so small I may accidently break if she doessomeone I already bring fear Though she hides it well. And my touch does bring her peace"
Frustration...
About now, I'd be about to turn in for the night after patrol, but I wasn't sleepy However, I had to keep moving. 
That's what Rogues do.
I am the very thing I protect my pack from I may never see any of them again, but I will never go back after remembering how they looked at me.
They saw me for the monster I was truly . The grandson of the Adversary the Son of Bryson the Beast. The Son of Birrai'shivaal, his true name, God of Justice. And of Retribution. 
Fucking ironic
"Are you alright" She said crying  I got up, wiping a tear. I thought she was still asleep For her question, I knew she didn't hear anything though.
 It felt tingly.
"no." I said almost as a whisper. The room gently lit from the flickering flame between my horns  but I guess I felt bad enough to accidently summon it. I initially thought it was streetlights or the waning, but fullish moon
"It's alright master." She said soothingly, but she was confused as to why she'd called me that. "Master." She said again. She couldn't even Think my name. 
"That is the difference between a vampire and a Vampire Lord. It angers me that he did this to you, but it will wear off I am just feeling sorry for myself though. Go back to bed." I commanded. 
I left out that he must have woven his best bewitchment he could think of on her one that grew as it lingered.
"I don't wan-" She passed out, falling into my arms.
Tingles.
Tingles to every part of my body, including something that had not been aroused by a female before at least not like this
What the Literal Fuck was that?!
I put her back in bed, and went outside. Usually when things confused me, I'd take a run break I can't do that here. This was a human ran hotel, but I did at least like looking at the pool in the moonlight. The gas station across the street was open, being 24 hours.
What the fuck was that? I looked at my hands. It took a while to retract my claws.
I figured why not have a smoke. It doesn't affect my lungs at all, nor do I get a buzz from it. Its purpose however, was to have something to breathe fire and puff on without looking like an idiot.
Like anyone would See though. It was 3am I might buy an extra day. It was Risky to stay in one place now, but I was tired as I was hungry.
I didn't use my Royal account money, since that was a group account with most of the royal family on it. I had my own funds though. I was the Beta of a large pack. I served on the Council with mother, I had the wages from that, the birthday gifts from my uncle, the All King, and I had a savings account, about 29.95. Enough to live a quiet life a few centuries, or one Really Good century. 
The only 'expensive' thing I'd bought was the Hellcat. I didn't spend money, since most things didn't hold value to me to be fair.
The Rexxon's t-rex logo wasn't working, but inside, it looked like everything else did. I made a cappuccino in the machine, the hot chocolate one, and a pack of Dromedary cigarettes
The old human smelled of wild onion with garlic, and I knew that meant he was probably of a Headhunter bloodline. That was just the scent they carried on their skin. No one could explain why that was the case either, of why they smelled like pre-seasoned beef stew. He wouldn't be able to kill me. It isn't that I Can't die; it's that the horns would make me get right back up come sundown the next day.
Headhunters were made illegal a while ago but some humans still knew the old remedies that could kill us and some still had secret groups. The Blak Market for supernatural parts was also shut down, yet I'd hear about them finding one every now and again.
"That'll be $23.98 includin' the cigs." He said ringing me up. I used cash. "Keep the change."
"Have a good one." He said with a knowing look. It was obvious I wasn't human. I really wasn't trying to hide it, other than my height and the horns.
"I don't get it." I said out loud, kind of not meaning to.
"What?" He asked.
"You're the first hunter I've encountered." I said bluntly.
"Yeah, and I rightly don't fuck around with that. My daddy was one: He's dead. So was my grandpappy: He's dead too. When the state took me, they let me be adopted by a minotaur, and a human when I was 13. That minotaur made me a Real Man." He put a badge that had an X cut into it on the table. It was one for the Secret Police, though he was retired. He kept it probably for times like this. "Real Men don't stick their nose in other people's business but I will tell ya this much: The Vamps Run this Truckstop Poe'dunk town. Keep driving Rogue."
"I know the man you speak of, his name's-"
"Jerold, the Half-Beast King." He said shooing me out He had no fear, and didn't care who I was. "Your coffee will either get cold, or the vamps they leave to watch me will start askin' things. Go on, get." He shooed. "But come back with the girl They won't care if I talk to another human."
"How do you know about Willow?" I asked, snorting ashes.
"Oh, you're one of those." He said surprised. "I saw you when you pulled in. I can tell by how short she is, that she isn't supernatural. I see everything that goes on in this town, but fuck knows I don't dip my toes in any shit that don't involve me. Not anymore." He grumbled. "Not since the vamps took over both the stations."
"I'll keep that in mind." I said leaving. 
If the vampires ran the police stations And the Meat market here whatever they were doing was probably not regulated. However, I wouldn't snitch on the people who just helped me. I'd leave them to it, and if they get cocky or stupid enough, eventually, they'll tell it on themselves.
Outside the moon was a Dark orange suddenly not red, but it was obvious grandmother was pissed. Probably that she asked to interfere like any grandma, and she was denied.. It isn't that I didn't want her involved. It was that I didn't want her in trouble for my sake
I also didn't want her to worry about me.
"Grandmother I am Stressed, but I will be Fine" I mumbled silently. The moon was like this yesterday tooI was not a good grandson. "I have Money and I am Powerful. None could best me, and I cannot be killed please do not cry for me." There were no humans out at this hour.but the moon did slowly become white again
She didn't come down here often, but I knew her well enough I made even her upset about all this, but I made my choice the dumbest choice. But it was Mine.
I drank my coffee. It was boiling hot, but as a Charred One, and a Horned Wolf who can summon Hell's flame. I was fine. I could breathe fire after all. It made me really hungry afterwards, but I Could.
I listened to the crickets while I smoked. It was the end of the summer Lunarween would be next month. It was a holiday that was originally shunned harshly. I wasn't born when the Church ruled that they would not excommunicate people who worshiped the Horned One, but rather, send them to 'conversion therapy'. 
That was my grandfather, the Wolf King's doing He worked Hard to get that done, since one of my aunts was an adopted witch.... He'd lifted the ban on all Dark gods in reality, which allowed supernaturals like the dragons, witches, demons, and vampires to make small altars for them in their name.
/Who's my Wee-Woo-Willow?!/ said what had to be her mother
/I am-I am!/ She said, being probably 4 or 5.
I could hear her dreams. 
She'll probably wake up in tears. She dreamt she was at home making cookies with her mother. She dreamt of their smell, and for me that was much too sweet, but humans liked sweet things. Maybe I should get her a pack of doughnuts for breakfast.
Maybe when she gets her free will back, I'll ask. I didn't want to make her mad at me if she didn't like them, but had to eat them. I didn't really Know how it worked, but to my understanding, mesmerizing, bewitching, and beguiling was Easy to put on a human. Non-hunters had no magic resistance.
I just Needed Air right now. I had too many thoughts and feelings to deal with.
Like how I was hard. Her scent was driving me wild.
To be Away from that girl's scent. I could smell it from here.
What was that Heat? 
Shit
She was about to go into heat. My sister had those, but hers were about once a decade 
Fuck me.
Someone out there has a sick sense of humor.
I'd never I'd never wanted sex so bad
I almost snarled.
I went across the street again for pads.  But this time I had company.
###chapter 10
Kaizen
"That's Got to be him." Said a Rogue while I got a small pack of pads this was embarrassing enough. I didn't want to have to deal with this Too
"Whatever you Think you're about to do, Don't." I said calmly I didn't show my true size Yet but I know they sensed my strength. They also smelled like they'd partied all night till whatever supernatural club they went to closed 
"I'd listen to him." Said the clerk. The old man showed no fear.
One of them whistled. He was calling his friends as if that would do something.
"No matter how big you are I've never seen a wolf who Isn't allergic to silver." Said the leader. "The King wants you Alive. Everyone knows it hell it's all anyone's talking about and it ain't even been a full 48 hours." Said the Rogue. More of them showed up there had to be about 10 of them.
"I'm not going anywhere." I said firmly.
"Why not come quietly, your highness. All you'll get out here is the Rogues' treatment. I'm sure you'll get just a slap on the wrist." He said trying to negotiate.
That wasn't going to happen.
He looked like he could be an Alpha, likely one who lost his pack at some point. He was a brown haired male with grey streaks. His wolf was two toned a prize if Hunters found him.
I could hear their inner wolves all telling them not to try anything, but they were too stupid to listen. 
The leader of the gang had a gun and likely silver bullets it was why they were so bold. Granted, he Wasn't wrong, but I'd never actually been hit with the stuff 
"Last chance: Fuck off." I growled. It was one they could feel in their chest. It took a good portion of my self-control not to just start killing. 
They hesitated.
"If I shoot your arms and legs you won't die but you won't stop bleeding either" He said thinking out loud. 
"And if I cremate you bunch, even if I'm caught, I won't be charged for defending myself." I said becoming my true height.
"Boss you said this would be easy." Said by scent, was likely his Beta. He had his hair in a braid that went to the nape of his neck, having buckskin brown hair, and his wolf's eyes were green.
"Whatever. Former Prince Kaizen, come with Us, and we can drive you up to the King. There's no need to resist." He said patting his belt.
I looked briefly at the human, then at the cameras.
"You'll delete the footage of this right?" I asked.
"I won't call nobody if I get the value of what you break." He said putting a little sign on the desk that said 'lane closed'. He made no effort to run or hide. He seemed as if he wanted to see for himself what a royal werewolf could do.
I let out my horns. That was all most of their wolves needed to see. Many kneeled, while the one of Alpha blood was resistant.
"Bow." I commanded.
They kneeled. Any who hesitated, didn't now.
"This is the difference between an Alpha and a Prince, title or Not." I said firmly. "Give me that gun." I growled.
His wolf took over to do as I'd commanded, then he kneeled on bended knee. It was a 6 round revolver an old one. It reminded me of one from the 1800's. I didn't live back then but I had family that had. It was clean and loaded in fine working order though.
"Now leave." I pointed to the door and I saw them nearly run. My claws extended and my fangs grew. I wondered should I have killed them.
Ripping them apart would have been No problem at all. Ultimately, they figured it out that I wasn't playing around Real quick, but now I'd had to use more energy, and made myself a little hungry. My stomach growled, but I needed to reserve what I had. I didn't know where the next Meat Market would be I should have bought more.
The old man removed the sign and rung me up.
"That'll be $11.51 Kaizen, was it?" He mumbled. "Thanks for not getting my place all covered in bullet wholes and gore." 
"You don't know that name." I said handing him cash.
"Then if anyone asks, I don't know nothin'." He said looking at the camera. "I need to erase this before the blood suckers see. I'd like to keep my blood and all." He stretched. I think he was joking. He was better at hiding his thoughts than most.
"Yeah, and I imagine a pack of Rogues will make trouble for you." I grumbled.
"I've seen them before. They usually keep to themselves." He said giving me my change.
I walked across the street, seeing their eyes at the edge of the forest. The small glow from their wolf's light reflection made my mind up for me I would have let them go but I could tell they were Still planning. Those were the eyes of someone who hadn't learned their lesson.
I decided to put the gun in my glove compartment, then put the pads in the room. I made a note for her too in case I didn't come back soon. But since I still scented them They lingered like vultures  That was all I needed to confirm my suspicions.
No humans were around.
I walked into the woods, and when I didn't see the street anymore, I stripped, shifting into my muscled might. They were on the move, so I didn't know if they knew I was coming or not. It could be a makeshift trap, but even if it was, I had their weapon.
 I trotted about 15 minutes, far enough away that I don't think the campfire I scented could be seen from the motel
  At least 20 wolves were gathered back there in the woods. All male. That was kind of common though. There weren't many females out here, and if they were, they were with their mates. It's because there's a size difference. On average, males are about 30% bigger, stronger, and faster than females. It was why females engaged males rarely, or in units if they Had to.
"Boss let's leave that guy Alone." Said the Beta.
"I agree with Beta." Said a smaller wolf, likely their Gamma. The wind was in my favor, blowing my scent away from them. 
I took my time walking into the center of their large circle. They all made way.
"I think I'm inclined to agree with your subordinates too." I said shifting. "I'm half tempted to just kill you all." 
"You won't. Not if I send my wolves to collect that gir-" He didn't have time to Think I was so fast As a red pop of lightning, I flashed in front of him. I'd killed him by ripping his head off his shoulders while he shit talked I hadn't shifted, but now that I'd killed their leader without thought without control 
The rest had to die too.
The confrontational step I took made them scatter.
There would be no survivors, and I would make good on cremating them. They were Rogues. No one was looking for them, no one would miss them. If anything, I know I did the local packs a favor.
"Until your leader mentioned my mate, I was Trying to be civil." I said calmly. They heard me too. I could hear the ripple of thoughts flooding the forest.
-----Willow-----
I opened my eyes
I saw Kaizen in the forest. At first I thought I was about to relive the first night we met but these faces were different. 
"We're sorry!" they screamed.
I saw him teleport, leaving a trail of red lightning he was so fast. He loaded his middle finger up with it pressed against his thumb. And the scull of the werewolf exploded from a finger flick
"Be sorry in hell." He said zipping to the next person 
One by oneHe swiftly killed them. His face was stern, like he didn't want to do it, but no one could stop him. He was a killing machine. He was covered in blood, but now he looked almost indifferent.
"We won't go after-" One of them was killed before he could finish his sentence. He was ripped in half with Kaizen's bare hands
"Your leader spoke for you." He said simply. There was no emotion to his words. 
The Kaizen I knew wasn't there I couldn't even make out his eye color. He was almost like a silhouette. He looked Like he was changing... Now there was a small shroud of darkness around him as he killed.
"Have Mercy!" Another screamed.
"I Gave you my mercy. You would Not take it." He said simply. He picked him up by the throat. "Goodbye nameless Beta." He said, snapping his neck.. And his grip made the neck catch on fire. The body plopped to the ground, while the bones were dropped out his palm. The man's head rolled around on the ground a moment, revealing a horror encased face.
"Holy Shit!" Screamed another. "Help!" He screamed as he was grabbed by the leg. It was broken, and turned to ash.
"You Had help. You did not Want it." He said cocking his head to the side.
"Please!" He begged. All around me were bodies. All their faces looked Horrified
"No  you're number 20." He said letting him run.
He was struck by red lightning.
###chapter 11
Willow
I gasped awake That was intense.
Fear turned to embarrassed blushing 
Pads were at my bedside, a change of sheets and clothes from the car were there too and Master was asleep Damn I couldn't even Think his name I never felt so humiliated. 
Why did that vampire think it was alright to put a spell or whatever this was on Me; I hated that I'd made the wrong choice of not correcting them when  when He was gone.
He held me gently enough that I could wiggle free. 
I was a Pet to those damn vampires but worse was that I couldn't do anything about this. I had to wait, and pray that he wouldn't command something I didn't want. He seemed noble enough, and I felt I could trust him
No I Knew I could. That was different. There was no suspicion of his intentions I forced it because I was likely overthinking this. This was magic after all.
Two people bound together. I know I always wanted a connection like this and I also know he did the Night Harlot gave me this blessing but I guess I should call her the Moon Goddess Too
That's what we were taught in school, but it seems maybe that was kind of wrong 
He went across the street, and left pads. I know that was embarrassing for him and me May he never see how cherry red my cheeks get. There was also a note, along with his card. I would take a shower before reading it.
I washed my hair, and brushed my teeth. He bought toothbrushes too there was a simple ham and cheese sandwich on the table, since this cheap motel didn't even have a fridge or microwave, yet the bread was toasted. It was cold, but that he'd found a way to 'cook' it showed he was trying to be courteous.
I ate, drank the Buckstars Iced Coffee, which was somewhat cold, being by the AC unit and I read the note underneath it was a small pack of powdered doughnuts.
'I smelled your heat.blossom. You worry me with the amount..... of anyway  Web DR says you're dying but Um here's some pads and some food. In the morning I was thinking we could find a nicer hotel. If you want Dashed to Your Door, use my card. Do not worry about the funds on it, I have Plenty." He wrote.
I would order Everything then! "Muahaha!" I whisper yelled. 
"Hmm..." he said in his sleep. 
I saw an image of him killing, like a two second clip in a movie. The werewolf that he ripped in half with his bare hands screamed in the silence of my vision. I flinched.
I closed my eyes and shook my head. That was a Dream.
I ordered delivery. I got Waffle Homestead. The Greasiest food I could think of. Plus it brought back good memories
We were poor students; me and my friends ate there the most since it was close to campus. I also just wanted some breakfast I got sausage, pancakes, bacon, and hashbrowns. For him since I knew he didn't like greasy food, I got some crisp baked bacon, extra well done sausage, eggs, and special requested 3 beef steaks from the grocery store I knew he had raw I saw the cooler by the AC on the floor.
I remembered a moment at the Meat Market the silent, terrified faces of deceased men the chopping of bone the sound of it of the giant meat grinder they threw scraps in
It gave me goosebumps I was going to peek After I got the delivery. Accidently hitting the remote encouraged me to try and take all this gore off my mind
Watching the 15 channels they had was pitiful, as most of it was local, and even those were half filled with static. But the man came with my meal. I thanked him, and tipped him $100. He'd come here feet away from chopped up people but also I was being cheeky.
Why, I had no idea especially since I knew Kaster ate people Kaizster it gave me a small headache to try for more That vampire really did a number on me. My growling stomach told me to continue unpacking my breakfast.
The food was good despite my slight guilt for ordering it with Kaister's money now. I'd already remade the bed and put a 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door, and put out the messy sheets in the bag the housekeeper gave. He must have requested that too. Because I hadn't 
I felt bad for the tip, but he literally risked his life coming here. For Kaizster to be here others had to be too. I remember him telling me about that. They had their own safe spaces, and I could bet money a run down place like this would be one of them.
. oddly enough what he made tasted Better. but now that I was done. I could look inside. 
I nervously walked to it, putting my hand on the lid. I made no noise. At least I thought I didn't.
"Don't." I heard him growl and I turned around. His eyes were red. It made me wonder how long he was awake.
"But-" He cut me off. He sat up proper, and crossed his arms.
"If you See, you can never unsee." He growled. "I don't think you're ready for that kind of responsibility."
"If that is your wish master." I said involuntarily. 
"Gods damn it woman" He looked as if he regretted telling me 'no' "If you want to see, I ordered enough for about a week... it isn't enough but I couldn't compel myself to take more. Seven livers, Seven Hearts, 14 leg bones, Oh and some thigh meat." He said getting up. "I wanted beef, but they were out." 
He opened it and to my horror he wasn't lying The livers and hearts were in cellophane, while each bone was wrapped individually, and a few wrapped muscle chunks looked almost like beef. I wondered why that cooler was so Big.
I had no words. especially seeing him pull out a leg bone.
"I allow myself to have 2 bones, one heart, one liver. If I'm still hungry, I have the thigh meat... but honestly, I was hoping to stretch this out. I don't know when I'll be near another Meat Market, since only one or two are in every state. But I've never been starving or anything.. not until now This Isn't Enough." He said hesitating. "It isn't but I'll make do."
His stomach audibly growled he'd had only sodas and some whipped cream up until this point. And a meal at the Meat Market 
"Are you asking my permission Kaizster?" I said still mad at myself that I couldn't just call him his name.
"I didn't want to wake you to such a gruesome meal by your standards. With your people, and a bunch of others having it all pretty, wrapped, then cooked is how you like it. For me to be honest I like my meat still screaming, but I have no choice but for this to do." He said getting a paper plate out of the container. He must have gotten those from the gas station too 
He put the entire liver on his plate, and a bone. "I'll try to be quick. Otherwise, you may do as you please." He said, probably wanting to tell me to leave, but he didn't because he respected my choice.
"Then I choose to stay. I won't like it, but you have to eat too" I said seeing him reach for it without a fork or knife. 
"I ask one more time, are you alright with this? You can leave if you want." He said with a small glare at his foodTo probably prove a point, he put all the beef in his left hand.. In One bite the extra meat was gone.. 
That legitimately was startling but I gave a determined nod.
"I made such a big stink about it. And I know you haven't eaten properly so go for it." I said trying to keep a straight face. He likely knew I was uncomfortable, but he can't starve for my sake he already lost his status and his people for me as it was.
He just started eating the room smelled like iron but nothing was as bad as the crunch of the bone. He was done in about 5 bites, but with each one I really, truly understood what it meant to be human around a Real monster
He also ate all the steak I bought..One bite a piece.
"If it makes you feel better, Meat Market mortals are either death row inmates or farmed. All this is the farm raised, free range variety. I can't tell the difference between hunted and farmed, since their nutritional needs are met very well." He hummed, licking his fingers. "I understand if you don't want to come near a 'real' monster."
I had no words His hands caught on fire, and there was no evidence of his meal the paper plate burned so hot, so fast, that there was no smoke He got up to brush his teeth. And when he came back he sat on the bed next to me.
"Please don't worry." He said, and my body calmed from that vampire's mind control.but I still felt the littlest bit nervous I was glad for it; that meant I would be free soon. He held me in his arms, and pressed me in his chest. He was warm, and his small growl gave comfort 
I should be worried, I should have wanted to run away after what I'd seen 
"I'll be alright." I mumbled. 
"You don't smell it again I didn't want you to see." He said with sad, crimson marbles He thumbed my forehead with a clawed thumb.
"I said I wasn't against finalizing the mate bond it isn't right if I look at this with rose glasses." I mumbled.
###chapter 12
Willow
"My fear is that you won't feel 'normal' until about 9 tonight, but by then, we should be at another location." He said firmly. "I command that you have your free will. Whatever I want, you will only do if You want to." He said firmly. "Try to say my name now." He encouraged.
His eyes looked expectedly as he still held me he wanted me to try.
"Kaizer." I said feeling a little hope. 
"That's Good but still not enough. For now, do you want to check out? Let's get some coffee from BuckStars, and get you a pumpkin spiced latte." He smiled. "There's no evidence of my meat eating in here, other than the smell." He commented so casually. "Oh shit." He said with concern."
"I'd like that I don't want to be here anymore." I said looking down.
"I know I hear you." He said coming closer. My heart Pounded, and my mind raced He called those people meat they meant nothing to any of them
"No, They weren't but You Are." He said firmly. "Fuck sorry I keep butting in, but you worry me. I don't want to hurt you, and to be honest, I don't think I could even if I did I swore to be your protector." He said gently, taking my hand.
"I know. Stop worrying for my sake." I said taking his hand 
He really was my protector, that was for damn sureEspecially if my dreams had anything to say about it. The smell of iron was unmistakable, but it was really faint on the wind and fur was in the crappy pool
Now that I thought of it I Knew I could notice the difference between supernaturals and normal people Since we aren't' meant to know, I'd get plucked up by something if I was alone. I took his hand, and he said nothing but it did look like he approved of my train of thought.
That he didn't insert or correct himself meant I was right.
I walked with him, and we checked out of the room. The key and a $50 bill was left on the table as a tip. He got a full tank while I sat in the car. He paid cash inside instead of using his card He also had a new phone from somewhere and passed me one.
"Throw out your old phone." He said firmly. 
I had no problem with it I hated the way he worded it, but I knew what he was up to. He erased our trail. He crushed the phone, before tossing it in the trash as we left. "With this new phone, no one should be able to track us." I said with a small smile. "And with this as the last known location on it, they should think you're headed south."
He used cash at BuckStars too.
"I was thinking. What state would You like to visit, because you're completely right." He asked. "Missoura is Out. My father runs all but one pack in that state, so's Jentucky; my grandfatheror Grandia, the King's palace. So's Tennessaw. the King of the Vampires lives there and he also has a high sense of honor.." He mumbled. "Arkansas is the Rogue State of the country, and that bleeds into Luisianuh, but to be fair that's the home of a council seat, so that's out"
"Damn let me look on my phone." I said quietly. He was at least being considerate and I would be too. 
I looked around Grandia was out too so I figured anything bordering it would be bad. "What about South Dekotah?" I asked.
"To be honest there's nothing that I can think of there or North Dekotah. Hmm how long does it say?" He asked.
"It says it's 11 hours from here if we drive straight through I-35." I said seeing him smile.
"Good. It's 11:20am. We can live in the human town of Pierreh. I could buy a house. We can stop by Fast City and get our names changed by the Goblins and my funds on a different card." He mumbled. "I incinerated some things for the vampires, and they gave me about 40 grand. When a vampire drinks another vampire, they don't turn to dust sometimes." He said as if that was normal to have that much. Or that Vampires Drink Other Vampires.
"What did you incinerate?" I asked.
"They just killed him that way to be dramatic. but regardless, I shifted, roasting a vampire, some documents, old cards. I can tell you because I know you can't tell this to anyone else. They killed one of their own under the King's nose, but he doesn't know some of them were double dipping in the profits. Now just Lord Leopold is left, the one who hypnotized you, but he's clean.
"Then why go through the trouble of hiding it?" I asked.
"If the unicorns they appointed over the place found out, they would have Immediately told King Victor. He isn't a patient man. He'd have killed Leopold Well Before finding out that he was Rooting Out the corruption, rather than being Part of it." He said scratching his chin. "But regardless, about 2 thousand of it is in my wallet, the extra bag never left the trunk."
"I didn't even notice" I mumbled.
He shook his head. "You should practice being more observant. I may be your protector, but I won't be able to do that if you're already in a dragon's mouth." He grinned on seeing my horrified expression. "Gods it's fun teasing you."
I pouted. "Stop." I whined.
He whined like a dog would. "I'm a Wolf not a Dog." He said blinking with a puppy face he looked as innocent as an angel. "I'm not a puppy eitheror an *Angel*Why do you insult me so much?" He complained. "Bleh."
Ok to be fair, he Looked like an angel statue. "Sorry," I said sheepishly, but he smiled His amber eyes literally glittered
"Why thank you. I get it from my father You should see him. He's so stern looking sometimes I used to think I was in trouble for existing in the same room as him growing up." He chuckled.
"How's he really like though?" I asked.
"In private he likes jokes, especially Corny ones. Tell him a dad joke, and you'll probably get on his good side. That and steak. He likes beef more than people, but honestly take that with a grain of salt. The Crave affects my people. Once they taste even a DROP of human blood or flesh, even by accident, they will never truly deny it if given the opportunity."
I looked at my hands was he kidding or not?
"Unfortunately, this time I'm Not. Most won't be mindless or anything at the sight or smell of it but the beast inside them, their inner wolf will crave it." He warned.
"Do you have an inner beast too?" I asked. He was a werewolf of course he did too if they did.
"I Am the beast. I was born only the wolf like my siblings. What you see is basically flesh magic. It turns my paws to hands, and fur to skin. I am a monster pretending to be a man, but with the others, they are born in a man's flesh. They are Born human first, with the wolf inside does that make sense?" He asked. "It's like a coin. It has two sides, but it's still One coin, though the face you'll see is almost always the human side."
"It does." I said quietly. "If you come across wolves, will they follow your lead or anything?" 
"No. I am a Rogue. I found out while protecting you that I'm wanted alive. There's a bounty on my head so even if I find a pack, and I defeat an Alpha in fair combat, I would still be a vagabond I'd be charged with another murder until my name is cleared I cannot ever enter my people's world again." He said stoically. 
I don't understand how he was so ok with that and it was my fault. If I didn't listen to my friends, maybe I could have made it to the national park proper not an unmarked wolfpack.
"This time of year hosts many Rogues trying to find their mates. You'd still have been ripped apart I just wouldn't have been there to save you." He mumbled.
"So that's why it was closed" I murmured too.
He said nothing, but his eyes were black. I could only assume they changed when he was upset.
The music played in the silence a bit, and I felt like I created it. His clawed hand was on the wheel, while the other rested passively on his leg. I put my hand on his. I rubbed it, hearing him grunt.
"Thank you for the gesture, but remove your hands little mate." He said with a devilish smirk.
"What's up with that?" I asked innocently.
He gently put my hand on my own lap, and rubbed it lightly. It tingled. And I could feel my body get genuinely excited from such a simple gesture.
"Your touch is a little distracting" He said rolling down the windows a bit. "So's your scent." He said as his fangs got longer.
 I looked at his hand on mine, and I saw why he moved My hand Off His leg he had a third one making a tent in his jeans it made me blush.
He cleared his throat. "How about you scroll through your phone." He suggested, and I happily obliged. "Oh and put on your seatbelt." He said with a grin.
"You better not speed." I warned. I can't lie I kind of wanted to see how fast this thing could go.
"No promises." He chuckled, accelerating to at least 120 in a few seconds! 
"KAIZEN!" I yelled, happy I got my will back, but hating what he'd done to do it. He went so fast, that I instantly regretted it a bit.
###chapter 13
Willow
"Wee!" He said going faster. He dodged other cars as if they were in slow motion, but I didn't care. "Come on!" He said nudging me. "Embrace it. Let loose!" He laughed showing fangs. "BE FREE!"
"I'm free!" I said shaking my hair.
"Louder!" He yelled.
"I'm FREE!" I said rolling down the window so my hair flowed in the wind.
"That's the spirit!" He growled. "Woo!" He ended it with a guttural howl it was deep, and soulful but it was also really cool
"WOO!" I Screamed, grinning ear to ear. 
He slowed down, but I knew both our hearts were racing.
"You called me Kaizen I'm happy." He beamed. "I just thought of it, and I'm glad it worked."
"Me too Do you want to stop at a hotel or anything?" I asked. He'd been doing all the driving.
"No, I'd rather not have to fight an entire pack of Rogues again So I figure I could try something more exclusive. There's a rest stop park off the road. Your phone is registered as supernatural, so here." He said reaching over, touching it with a clawed finger. It said 'searching' before adding a rest stop off I-35, about 150 miles from Oklahomuh City.
"What's that?" I asked, seeing the place was called "Oklahomuh Hunting Grounds"
"It's exactly as it sounds." He said with a smile. "Just deer though, humans are a protected species meaning I can't just say 'I'm hungry, and go into someone's home, or in public places."
"Good to know." I said grabbing his hand, and proceeding to pretend to eat it. "Nyam-nyam-nyam!"
He laughed, showing his fangs again. They were fully out now. "That tickles. Stop." He complained.
"I assumed werewolves Were on the table." I grinned. He smelled like expensive cologne.
"You smell like" He sniffed. "Heat and oddly enough Willow trees." He said as if he were thinking.
"Heat Like how animals smell?" I asked completely Mortified.
"Yup." He said popping the P. "It's why I rolled the window down and why I have the full intention of having you ride me."
I slapped his arm. "There will be no Riding." I hissed.
"Awe but I thought you holding my horns while I gallop around would have been fun." He grinned.
"Oh, ok Wait I take it back." I said shaking his arm.
"Nope." He popped the P again. "Too late. You can Walk." He grinned Wider.
I rolled my eyes. "Then I guess I'll go jump in a dragon's mouth." I said dramatically. "It's not like I pay attention."
"Fine you little shit." He said shaking his head, getting off the exit.
It was all pine trees on the road it went from open sky and corn fields to forest. It was almost as if we went through a portal.
"Technically we did. Humans can't pass. To one Not riding with a supernatural, they see a dilapidated, broken bridge and warning signs." He said pulling into a parking spot.
It looked like a place time forgot the dark blue barked trees here were as big around as redwoods. How did they hide a place that looked like a redwood forest The single cabin looked more elegant than rustic too. There was graceful cursive of another language across the top of the large lodge. It looked as if it could hold two hundred people in their halls.
"What language is that?" I asked as we walked in.
"Elvish. They made a demi-realm, a kind of alternate reality that takes up physical space. Here they have their home, and a refuge for the Rogue, the debtor, and the fugitive all are welcome to visit, though only the elves may Stay." He said holding my hand.
It was a little firmer than usual, as if he were afraid I'd run away seeing wolves gallop, taking double takes at him.
He released his horns, and the smallest candle's flame flickered. He looked like a Greek statue pulling the handle, growing taller as he did so...
"Now you get to see me be who I truly am." He said letting his red eyes glow I swear I could see a flash of red lightning pop off him too
I would be lying if I said that that wasn't impressive
-----Kaizen-----
I let the other Rogues know who I was without having to use violence. This place allowed for fights they even had a 'bring your own prey' system, however I wanted to make that clear the She Wasn't.
"Good afternoon!" Smiled an elf. 
Her nametag said 'Ahth'Lillan', an old name. I wouldn't be surprised if she were an original caretaker. She had light blue hair, dark skin, and a bony figure, being as small as a mortal, though her bright pinkish, violet eyes would give her away.
"Good afternoon. Two guests please." I said handing her twelve hundred dollars across the counter. Six hundred was for the hunting grounds, the other six was for the hotel room. The room also gave access to the town. Wolves didn't like touching others, so I made sure not to. Yet I want to touch Willow. I want More than just her scent on me.
She looked doe eyed, innocent to that thought, and surprised at the price, but some were as much as a thousand a room and a thousand for the hunting grounds.. It was because they used their magic and resources to run this place, though they did have a village of their own walled off by an invisible barrier to the left. All who could enter that part had to pay an additional five hundred for admission to that and a night's stay. I figured that would be nice. It was why I paid so much.
She gave us two wristbands. "The wristbands should NOT be taken off within Oak Village, or you Will be ejected magically out the sanctuary. It resists the changes of the shift, and all magical, as well as elemental damage. This especially goes for the lady, being mortal."
"Yeah, it'll let the others know you're here with me." I added to the warning. 
"You will still have to pay for the pet deposit Lord Kaizen." She said tapping the sign with a grin and I growled. Willow held onto my arm, I think to try and calm me it kind of worked She didn't deserve to be treated like that.
"She is Not my pet." I said with crossed arms. I Know you see her mark." The second growl I made rattled their windows, as it was a low rumble of general displeasure and I was thankful that the mate bond prevented Willow from being nervous by it 
Lately she was warming up to me.
"Oh forgive me, well enjoy your stay with your mate" She huffed.
"We will." Said Willow The feistiness was sexy, but I didn't say anything.
I cupped her chin, and kissed her gently on the forehead. "Come with me." I said as a half whisper. I tried being more tender. She was a Soft mortal I should be soft to her..
 "I won't leave your side." She said shyly, fumbling with her fingers I could feel the timidness from my actions, since neither of us were used to the sensations.
"I'll take you outside." I said smiling like an idiot. Ahth'Lillan looked jealous. It serves her right.
I took off my clothes, and handed them to her. I don't understand why Willow was so Amazed so was the elf.
But now, my little mate's thoughts were so fast I couldn't interpret them.
"Very good. Your room number is on your card. The elevator is behind you sir." She said with a frown, because she knew I'd did this to let her see who she can Never have.
I could hear her thoughts, she was hoping that I would shift in front of the window, while Willow felt as embarrassed as she was excited for the 'pony ride'. Both of them looked at my cock, which didn't bother me to be fair. well Willow anyway We can't shift with clothes; but I know for both their people, nudity wasn't common.
It also wasn't common to see a flaccid 12 inch cock either... Me and my brother were always the but-end of horse and centaur jokes. They were all light hearted though.
With my people it was normal at any time of day within the pack to just strip, shift, and run around with your friends, carry clothes in your mouth to head to school, and change when you got there, or even just skinny-dip in the lake. That's just how it was in deeply forested packs. I grew up so spoiled this is the longest I'd Ever had to hide my true nature.
"You won't understand me when I shift, but you should be able to hold on." I told her in front of the elf. I could hear her mind buzz with pure jealousy now. She was married, but she wanted a ride too. Hearing everyone all the time has its downsides. There's a difference between mates and spouses. She wasn't all the faithful.
 "No wait hold on; do you have any bitless bridles?" I asked, hiding my anger. 
I didn't want her holding my horns pulling on them would probably be the fastest way to get. Excited. She wasn't ready for that yet.
"Yes your majesty, here. They're complimentary. They also change to accommodate your  size." She said handing me the leather bridle.
I strapped it on, putting it on the maximum leeway, and I put the reigns in her hand. She was beginning to piss me off, but I wouldn't let this ruin Willow's first time riding me. I knew it was something she Really Really wanted.
"No saddle?" She joked.
I opened the door and shifted out of view of the little pervert, carefully making sure that it would fit around my snout. Willow looked Impressed, and I puffed my chest. I was nearly solid black, remaining the same height, just more intimidating. After all, a 7 and a half foot tall man was one thing, but a wolf that height was another altogether 
However, compared to Even Grace, I was the leanest of the three. I believe the reason behind that though, was that I was also the only one who could make lightning crackle across my fur. My muscles could be seen through it. I shook my horns, letting the flame flicker. Was I showing off?. Yes but I bowed low to this small female, one that would be the first and Only being to ever get on my back 
The 'only'... I let that roll around in my head a second
I feltlike. almost an affection for her when she sat atop me Beyond the mate bond. I was getting attached to her before the process was complete. I ran, not because of the realization, but because I Needed this. I needed this forest air in my lungs.
###chapter 14
Kaizen
I ran like I did a few nights ago. Before all this.
Wolves don't feel 'Affection' for anyone other than close family and their mate. But I always thought it took a while 
"Kaizen holy crap!" She yelled.
I grinned.
I galloped, jumping over enormous logs, taking a trail that led to a stream. I jumped turning us into lightning if only for a moment to completely clear the small, almost river and she screamed louder.
"OH MY GOD!" She said holding on tight. "THAT'S SO FLIPPIN' COOL BUT PLEASE DON'T EVER DO THAT AGAIN!!!"
I laughed by chuffing, but I don't think she knew what that was.
I wished she could understand me. I wished she knew that I could 'technically' fly with that ability.  But instead, I spoke to her with the scenery.
Now that I was on the other side of the water, I let my paws dig into the large flat rocks. I could tell she looked around in wonder. This place was a small piece of the country, preserved.
Chestnut trees here were as big around as redwoods, still saved from the event that killed off a large part of the forests when they all got sick Trees this big used to be common. It was even said that humans could fit a whole house inside but all that is gone outside little groves like this.
That and the various packs of all supernaturals. All of us, every single kind who didn't need to live in cities, maintained their lands. The howling of the others made me howl back. I don't even know Why. Where I was headed, they could not come I was beyond whatever crime they committed to be out here.
It was our nature, and just as it was mine to howl, it was there's to come. I attracted nearly every visitor of the grove; some were not even wolves.  They bowed, and I nodded my head. Regardless of my position, my blood would never change.
"Wow" Whispered Willow.
I put my head and shoulders down, getting her off me with a small shake. She was so small, it was all it took, and she smiled. I felt a certain pride from it it was like an arrow to the heart, if only for a moment between heartbeats.
Her scent is the only scent that's EVER made me froth at the mouth the only touch that gave a tinglethe sparks everyone talks about. And that I am literally here because I saved her.
Any other mortal, I would have shifted and joined them. I enjoyed ripping off limbs first that they die slower. Father always said that was the Adversary's blood in me.
"Your majesty." Bowed the 'leader' of the Rogue band. I was so lost in thought when had they bowed? How long were they in front of me? He was human formed to show respect.
[I am not my older brother.] I said simply, shifting now that she was off my back.
'Lord Kaizen. there are Few who do not know of your grace" Mumbled the tallest of the bunch. "Name's Ace. I request becoming an addition to your war band." 
He looked like a cocky nearly blood red furred wolf, while his Beta was black furred, and the other was blonde. I could hear his thoughts. He didn't want me to know his last name was Grisham His soul's name said Brutos Grisham though odd.
He was not Brutus with a 'U' but it did sound like someone possibly tried to Groom him to behave as his grandfather Fuck, I'd run away too. He scented to be close to my age. So he had to know. The crimes Brutus committed were so vastincluding pup killing for political gain I had no doubt the former Wolf Council member was in Hell as my grandfather's personal guest.
Hell would have been a kindness Brutus, the Untrue Third Seat stole his place at the Wolf King's left by betraying his Alpha, Phillip the Frosted One, the White Wolf his mate was human. And she was targeted while with pup. Everyone knew about that for Centuries, but could do nothing, as part of the deal Brutus made, was to get the Third Seat, and be protected from punishment. With Phillip's mate as a hostage, the King agreed.
Then my father killed him, skinned him, and sent his pelt to Phillip. Retribution for causing the White Wolf to be an exile. My mother took the Third Seat afterwards because Phillip didn't want it.
So I could see why a direct descendant of someone like Brutus would drop their real name, and run away and hide it as best as he could. Any with Council rank would know of his family bloodline, and might kill him as a threat. He Certainly wouldn't be welcome in any packs
"We wish to be pack great Alpha." Said the black furred one. 
His soul held the red X of sinonly instead of RED like it was supposed to be. It was inky black. He'd killed so many that I Knew he was going to hell for murder.  That it was black meant he was unredeemable He was about 4 thousand years old I could scent that. But I could also see he hid the true wild, crazed nature behind contacts.
The blonde was silent, though he was an innocent. Whatever he'd done wasn't so bad that it branded his soul...
"He's higher than an Alpha. Jack, he is his highness son of the Pale Lady's Actual son"
They kneeled as low as they could, being the only wolves brave enough to come so close.
"Denied. All of you may find pack, or remain Rogues, but none may follow my trail." I said firmly. 
I picked her up bridal style, and I glared back. They did not follow it would be Selfish to have anyone with me other than her she was My burden, since it was I who vowed to keep her safe. 
"Why did you not want to join their pack?" She asked.
"Because when I'm caught, I'll likely be beheaded. I don't want to drag anyone else down with me." I grumbled.
"What would happen to me?" She asked.
"You're my mate. I would only allow this if I ever lost you." I told her firmly. "My intention is to give you this life. You have more than my word Willow, you hold half my soul in the palm of your hands."
My heart felt light, I'd confessed my feelings, but my soul was pained To mark me it was to love a man marked for death.
-----Willow----
I said nothing when he told me that 'I was his life.' I looked at the green grass it looked like a carpet under the lush, thick tree canopy. 'I held half his soul.'
"I don't want you to die." I said, feeling my cheeks wet. I hugged his chest. I didn't care he was naked he rubbed my back while I felt like a child. Why was I so attached to him? The mate bond. I knew the answer the connection between us was so strong, I swear I could almost see a thin red cord connecting our hearts.
"I won't until you do." He said as if he were talking about the weather He wiped my face, and I smiled.
"It's almost like you're not afraid of death." I mumbled.
"To be fair, he Is my uncle." He said with a smirk. He saw me look at his cock again It was a distraction. He shimmied on pants. I don't know where he got them, but I think he'd put them in his mouth when we left.
"You're joking." I said with a frown.
"I'm not." He looked like he was telling the truth but that was a little hard to believe
"That's kind of neat." I mumbled, still not believing it, but I'd leave well enough alone. The other werewolves treated him with the upmost veneration. But I didn't know Asanguis had brothers with an 's' or nephews
"You've heard of Asanguis right?" He said with a small smile.  I nodded"The All King is my uncle, my father is his brother, thus, the Lord of Death is Also my uncle, since all three of them are full blooded brothers." He said simply.
"But in mythology, Asanguis and Xaxas were gods, fallen from grace, cursed to be down here while they look for the key to the moon Goddess's prison." 
He looked at me blankly, as if saying their names so casually was a crime I committed.
"Now how would you know That much?" He asked.
"I went to private college. I also teach at St. Gabriel's Cathedral of the Light or I used to..." I said with a sheepish smile. 
"Ah but they are not teaching anything new grandmother is Free, and there is Peace now. I can only assume they didn't want to change lore since they are a Church." He said casually.
But something didn't quite add up if They, and the Horned One were real...
"Yes, the Lord of Light is Also Real and most of the mythos of this world lives and breathes above our heads. They don't usually involve themselves in what we do though." He said rubbing my shoulder.
He spoke so casually about it, like this was a Normal thing to say. "I understand if you need to go lie down For fear of your mental wellbeing It's probably best not to get into that stuff yet" 
"No I just didn't put two and two together." I said letting that go. I figured it's better that I still think of it all as hypothetical. 
Now that I wasn't on him it was Cold. He put his arms around me I was a little shy about it though He hadn't put on his shirt yet.
"I wanted to talk to you." He said suddenly. "I figure out here is better than in the village."  He grumbled.
"I wanted to talk to you too" I admitted. 
Why did this give me butterflies. They danced and I was nervous, the good kind. I watched him pick up branches as thick as my leg, and snap them with no effort. He put rocks in a circle, and put his hand on the ground. 
To a normal person that would be a little jarring but for me, it almost felt like there was a certain pride I felt for his strength
The grass and everything around the stones was Gone all it took was his touch, and the ground was singed. He lit a fire with his grip, and found a tree log to place in front of the fire to make a quick two person seat. To be honest, I'd rather be out here than with the uptight people in the village
I was suddenly sat down and pressed to his chest His heart beat as fast as mine.
###chapter 15
Willow
I took a deep breath, the fire crackled in the silence, and I had. Peace There was a stillness in being so close to Kaizen.
"I wanted to start off with a thank you. I don't think I ever did tell you that for saving meI don't know how but  I'll pay you back." I looked down, but his clawed finger under my chin made me look him in his amber-red eyes His eyes changed colors often but each one was bright, almost showing his true nature of being a good man despite actually being a werewolf
"You are my responsibility. I swore to give you the good life. If you want Anything. Ask." He said simply, but he was so smooth with it he was suddenly suave I had to pause to actually have a thought to respond.
"Then I have a question. Why has your touch lately made me feel like this?" I asked.
"Like What?" He asked concerned.
I put his hand on my chest why was it beating so fast with just a touch, a kind word him just being a gentleman
Was This the strength of the mate bond?
I knew it was.
". I found you On the Harvest Moon, Exactly when the moon was at its highest even our birthdays are the same I think it was fate that brought you to me." He said with a small smile.
"To be fair, I'm half thinking I'll wake up from a crazy dream. It's almost unreal how close to you I feel Like  I've known you all my life how I don't I don't miss my old life." I said putting my hand on his.
I had to admit that to myself I wasn't grieving or mourning the loss of my friends or ever seeing my family. When was the last time I Really felt like that?
He slowly pulled his clawed hands away, but he did smile. "Sorry I just don't want to hurt you." He admitted. "Plus you make me feel like I need to mark you again." 
"Mark?" I asked. I knew what he meant, but he clarified anyway.
"To Bite you." He said with a raspy, almost snarl "You never marked me, so that part of all this is incomplete" He said quietly. "Plus, I wasn't in my right mind when I did it. I want this to be special."
"Is this why you brought us here?" I asked.
"No I wanted you to be safe out here was just a spontaneous idea. And it feels right if that makes sense."
"It does." I mumbled.
Something was different the idea of the marking process didn't scare me I almost wanted itIt didn't even hurt. I hadn't even Thought of that scar on my neck and I subconsciously put my hand on it. It was fully healed It has been likely since the unicorn tears, and I hadn't noticed...... 
"Take your time." I could see his fangs. But along with the small ping of fear, was a lightning jolt of arousal 
He didn't mean to do it, but all I could think of when I saw those were the vampire's sneer the command he gave me. The cooler. The now refrigerated people parts in the hotel fridge that we were not even considered human, nor people in their eyes But with him he saw me as  as his everything.
He vowed his life to me. And Again instead of fear, like I Should have I bit my lip as I looked shyly at him. He was quiet, leaning into my face to see what I would say. It made my heart race.
"I think I found my connection." I said quietly out loud, not meaning to. 
He stared at his clawed hands.
"What do you feel when I do this." He said taking my hand, and kissing it.
Shock. I almost yanked my hand away
The connection I wanted was Real.
"Like I was struck by lightning." I admitted.
It was more like a wave of tingles. A rush of love that I felt from even admitting just that.
He looked me in my eyes a long time. They changed from amber, to red, then black then the whites of his eyes changed too They became a coffee brown, while his irises glowed red. It made me uncomfortable it made me feel like the man holding my hand really was a monster. But there was something else too like a little bit of me wanted to see more of who he really was, not just the façade
". Mine." He rumbled. It sent a tingle down my spine to my core. Holy cow
I'd never heard him make a sound like That and it seemed my body wanted more of it.
It was a demonic one I'd never heard his already deep voice. Seem deeper. It got the attention of the animals, who grew quiet. The songbirds no longer sang, and the forest became a silent hush..I looked him in his ruby eyes They were filled with concern as if his actions would shy me away. The candlelight between his horns came to life and flickered, while his horns seemed to grow a bit longer.
"Kaizen." I whispered, but he only peered into my eyes it felt like my soul was being judged.
". All the heart and half the soul it is the unbreakable law of 'mate'. There is no want for any other and if you were to die, I will mourn you for the rest of my life." He said with his claws fully extended "That is the great secret  To love someone so fully, it means there's no room for any other. My affection grows for you with every breath as does the desire to be a marked and mated man." 
"Mated?' I asked again I Knew what he meant He explained it vaguely when we met But  all I could think about was the crook of his neck, and how we could match each other but I really would be firmly part of the supernatural world. 
He looked the spitting image of the scary photos painted in the Old sun texts from the 1700's, kept in the Cathedral's library but there was no fear.  Not anymore.
I was already dead to my people I was already shown on TV Shots of my gravestone and my crying parents . I could never go back Back to that life  but worst of all, back to the crippling loneliness that comes with being single.
"Let me mark you." I mumbled.
He placed me in his lap
Under the falling leaves in a clearing, he held both my hands.
"In the entire century I have lived, I never felt this way not for anyone and I assume you either." He said looking into my eyes. "The goddess makes these bonds before we're born  But the choice is yours" he said looking down.
I wouldn't reject his feelings.
He was no angel He was an actual demon, a creature of the night, holding me like the smitten woman I was. I was Already partially marked already smitten plus on top of everything this was what I Wanted What I'd always wanted. 
Why was I hesitant?
"No none of my dates ever blossomed into anything." I said shyly. But with him that connection it burned at every inch of skin that was touched by him, screaming to do this.
"Then let me bite you." He said thumbing my knuckles. "Let me mark you little mate. I want to do it Right this time"
He mentioned it before. But I didn't understand.
All I could think of were the butterflies in my stomach. His hold, his touch had my body alight, hotter than the campfire in front of us.
He took a breath. "I should clarify all this before you freak out Marking and mating make the bond permanent. We bite each other. It leaves a mark. That mark shows the supernatural world you are not Just a human that you're my partner.and your mark tells females I'm taken. You eventually need Both, but the bite, or marking will tell others that we are together. It will hurt like an ear piercing, but um" He looked away.
"What?" I asked.
"it also triggers the desire to have sex, the other half. This is Old magic" he admitted. "To be honest, it Is possible to resist if your will is strong enough."
"um" I said looking away too 
"I can smell it. I know you're already horny." He smiled. His fanged grin was sinister like he was already planning what to do with me. "But I won't do anything you don't want. I'd rather not wait but if I have to I will." He said truthfully.
I was silent. He put all the decision making on me
He gently took my hands, placing them on his rapidly beating heart. and such a simple action made me feel as if nature itself wanted us to be together. Leaves wistfully fell. I could hear the light breeze touch the branches above, and the birds sang in our silence.
 "If I have to wait a thousand years, I will endure it for your sake." He held my hands and I looked at them.
"Then  I " I said looking him in his red eyes He was more than a werewolf Even to other monsters he was a monster
My monster
"I want to do the whole ritual." I said firmly.
He looked surprised, but his kiss was gentle. He held me softly and he felt so good the tingles this time held more 
###chapter 16
Willow
Mature
I was already in his lap, but he pulled me a little closer, and moved the collar of my shirt to the side. I was nervous seeing how long his fangs were. "Are you sure?" He asked looking me in the eyes. "I mean it when I say you'll be reallyReally horny.but you will also share my immortality "
I understood by the way he said it, that this was permanent He'd said this bond was unbreakable I wanted that I wanted a mate hell I even wanted the sex Up until this point I'd never found anyone who was good in bed.
"Yeah."
He bit me with a snarl.
The crook of my neck burned, then cooled.
I felt like I'd been thrown into a lake. It hurt like an ear piercing, but the rush of all his feelings flooded my mind I feel his pain, that he could never see his family again, but the joy in that he'd found his matethat seemed to replace his sorrows. it was something he never thought about, but now that he had me, he would go to the end of the world for me
"Mate. Go ahead... claim your fallen prince." He mumbled, lifting me sitting down with me in his hold so I could be in his lap I already felt the lump there
"Alright" I said knowing it was my turn... I put my knees on his thighs while he held me in his arms. He looked proud like I honored him by accepting feelings that I knew I already had I just never had the time to really examine them...
I bit as hard as I could, but I couldn't do anything to him. I subconsciously felt my mark it pulsed... but I hadn't put anything on him when I pulled away He chuckled.
"That will do. The intention is what's important." He said kissing me, leaning forward until I was laid on my back near the campfire. As he did so, I felt that the ground was warm. His touch scorched the earth underneath me, making a perfect rectangle of warm, firm ground
He kissed me like I'd run away, holding my sides, grinding his member gently on me, even though we both were clothed. I moaned loudlyThe friction was making me wet He sucked the side of my neck where he marked me, and nibbled my earlobe. 
I had my hands on his chest. He was muscular, holding abs of marble, hot as boiling water
I slowly started to pull off my shirt, but he helped me take it off faster, and undid my bra. 
"Won't someone see?" I asked a little shyly I feltlike a mouse under such and intense gaze.
"I don't sense anyone but if you're nervous, we can go back to the village." He offered.
. Did I Want to go back......?
What would be the point of starting something but not finishing. Plus I wholeheartedly accepted the mate process. 
"Keep going." I said wiggling to remove my pants and panties the urge to keep going was insatiable but that wasn't why I wanted to continue. It wasn't the magic of the marking either. I wanted this. I wanted to spend my life with this man
He pulled off his pants and boxers He was Large four fingers wideand as he'd said earlier a foot long but he only grinned he'd heard me. "Biggest in the locker room." He said making sure I was on the 'towel' He leaned down... putting a finger in me. "I don't even think there's room for another one." He said opening my legs wide 
I gasped. It was Just a finger.
"So responsive." He chuckled. 
But that was Not enough. The feel of it inside me made me moan a little he'd added that second finger. It glided in and out, but I wanted more He stroked steadily, slowly at first, but he went faster at an inclining pace, and I could feel him touch my button with every thrust.
"What about your claws?" I asked.
"My mate your question makes no sense. They're put away." He said putting his thumb on my button proper, going in little circles  The other hand kneaded my breast. I could feel myself building I could feel my wetness make his motions smoother "But I will ask you a question too do you want More than just some fingers?" He asked. He knew the answer, he just wanted  me to say it 
He pumped them in and out of me I was wet I wanted him in me there was a need that craved to be met
"I want you inside." I hissed.
I bit my lip to hold a hum. He'd added a third finger Now a fourth. it was so slow it was torture, but so good if he asked me to beg I Would.
"Patience." He said with a grin. He leaned up and kissed me while fingering me his thumb on my button made me arch my back. Every touch was a sensation it was nearly overwhelming. This was the connection I craved but never found until now. 
His ravenous kiss trailed down my torso he licked each nipple, and nipped my stomach.
He removed his fingers, and replaced it with his tongueI could feel myself start to climb, much faster.I grabbed his hair to hold on, and he growled, holding both my sides with his clawed grip but All I could think about was what he was doing I moaned, shifting my hips, feeling the rhythm of a man so strong he lifted me up with a small growl.
. I came. He hadn't put it in yet, but he knew all the right places
I gasped, moaning loudly. 
"Now you're ready." He said still going
"What are you doing?" I asked. He temporarily stopped to reach for his pants. He picked me up, and placed me in his lap.
"You'll see." He smiled. He picked them up, using one hand so I could still be comfortable.
He fumbled around for a condom out his wallet, and slid it on, tossing it to the side He put the head of his cock on my button and slid it down slowly. Then back up. The Teasing was tormenting pleasure. He swirled his tip around my button only a few times, before dipping Just before my entrance.
 I wanted him to do it it was like he was hesitating he had me supported with one hand, while I held onto his arms he was so tense his muscles were firmer than the dirt under us I wrapped my legs around his waist while he was on his knees holding me
He bit my neck and put himself inside me. He went slow he growled as he did so but his smooth strokes felt like bliss He held my sides, bouncing me up and down, kissing me on the spot where he marked me that bite pulsed with only pleasure, sending signals directly to my entrance it made me clamp around him tighter with each touch it was its own arousing sensation 
My legs were wrapped around him, feeling him go in circular motions after every pump I climbed. My walls were tighter around him, while he grunted with heavy breaths. I moaned, throwing my head back I let him have his wicked way with me.
He grabbed a breast and kneaded it, while using one arm to support me now. He kissed me, and our tongues danced. I could feel his fangs. They were sharp, like he wanted to mark me again.
"I already marked you I just want to keep fucking you." He said going faster.
With nearly every pull, he almost exited me, but he slammed into me proper with every push. He removed his hand off my breast, and thumbed my button the combination was bliss. I climbed, and fell off the edge, screaming as he did so. He roared, going faster, pumping into me with inhuman speed. I closed my eyes, throwing my head back. I could feel myself climb again.
He lifted me up, standing completely, still not finished himself. I could feel my walls tighten around him, being so big He held me firmly, plunging into me while all I could do was hold onto his wrists. 
"Harder." I tried to say firmly, but it was more of a beg
He said nothing, ramming into me. I don't know what came over me I didn't Care. I wanted him to keep going "You're so tight." He said with a snarl. It was like he was somehow not giving me the full treatment of what he can do.
"Fuck me." I said holding his wrists as hard as I could. My nails dug into his skin, and he only panted in response. It felt like fireworks I didn't want him to stop I climbed, feeling myself about to fall over the edge again. I threw my head back as he snarled one last time.
 "Fuck." He pretty much roared, puffing fire and smoke. He kissed me passionately, cumming in me with a pulsing force I felt he ran his arms up and down my sides, grunting, pumping into me one last forceful time it was then that I came again the strongest pulse yet I damn near saw stars.
"I don't know what came over me." I said ashamed, but he put a finger under my chin, and kissed my forehead.
"I don't either, but if you keep that up, I might accidently shift." He warned but I could tell he was being playful. My connection with him "And never Ever be ashamed" he kissed my forehead and he stroked my hair.
I rested my head on his chest. I was still panting so was he. He slowly slid out of me, and took off the condom He spat a small ball of fire to 'clean' our spot out here. A pretty good patch of the grass was destroyed with it
"Want to bathe in the river?" He said holding me like I'd run awayI held the clothes. 
"It's Really cold, but I've never done it before." I said seeing him grin wide.
There was a shallow, but wide stream, the same one from his galloping around earlier I didn't even notice it until now. We were only a few paces away.
"It's beautiful." I mumbled.
"As cheesy as it is nothing is more so than your smile. I thought I didn't want a mate" He said happily.
"I thought I'd become a crazy cat lady." I said sheepishly.
"What's that? Are you related to cat shifters?" He asked.
"No it's a person who owns a lot of domestic cats. They usually live alone I'd made my mind up that I would settle if I didn't find a husband, but then I tried the dating scene and nobody clicked."
"It sounds like you were pressuring yourself as much as the royal Court wanted me to marry one of their grandchildren." He grumbled. "But now nobody has to 'settle' I have You I will love you and you will never have to worry of a wondering eye There's a tattoo shop and a jewelry store" he mumbled. "I can't wear jewelry, but tell me, what kind of ring would you like?" He asked.
"To be honest, I've always wanted an eternity band of diamonds." I sheepishly admitted.
"Spend as much as you like. We can pick one out for you, and I can get my finger tattooed to be honest I kind of always wanted to do that." He said placing my naked body slowly in the water with him. It was cold, but with him, it was worth it I had no regrets. Magic was real and regardless of what I was taught about creatures like him, this was a blessing.
###chapter 17
Willow
I hummed under his warm touch We talked about all those large plans, but the moment we got back to town, we checked back into our room, and both took a nap That nap turned to at Least a 10 hour rest. The moon was out now It was 5 am. I'd see the sunrise tonight.
Kaizen snored, and I was hungry downstairs had 24 hour dining 
I wondered should I wait. But I was honestly famished.
I put on some pajamas and went down the elevator the stairs looked creepy. The lighting in the halls, even downstairs was dim. I guess because many of them could see in the dark. But in the dining area they had the make your own waffle machine on, as well as a few pastries out. I got some tea, and sat alone in the silence.
I didn't want to go back up and wake my mate my husband
I still had no regrets as to Why I did thatwhy I wanted a connection with a damn near stranger. Why I let an agent of the Adversary claim me why I liked it
"I'm sorry. Pets must be attended by their masters." Said an elvish receptionist she was a 6 foot model with purplish pink hair she looked and sounded legitimately angry.
"Hey back off Alpha's mate." Growled a red headed werewolf, one of the trio that wanted to join Kaizen I didn't know his name or anything, but I was thankful they stepped in so fast. 
"I Know you see the moon on her neck." Said another werewolf. His hair was inky black, but the look of his scarred face gave me an off sensation. Like I should get Away from him.
I didn't even Notice him behind me, putting a hand on my shoulder until he spoke. And I subconsciously put my hand over the bite. It was Fresh.. I could feel the four fang marks of my husband. Inside that, in the center of it was a moon . What felt like the symbol of the Horned One as the border of this raised tattoo.
"There are no Registered Alphas here." She said with crossed arms.
"If you wake his majesty, you'll see who's registered as what Elf." The black haired werewolf said with crossed arms.
"You don't mean." It was Then that she looked worried.
"Beat it." The red haired werewolf growled. He had a plate the size of Texes, filled with only meat. "Mind if I sit with you Luna?" He asked. "Name's Ace, that's Jack, and the Blonde-boy is Rick." He grinned.
He shook my hand, and they put their plates at the table before I could actually say anything.
"Thanks for the save." I mumbled.
"Any wolf with a nose would have Well the dragons and maybe the vampires too now.. earlier you weren't marked and no one's risking their life for a Pet. But you're a Luna." He said with a hum. He cracked the bone in the middle of his roast meat and put a slab of it on my plate. It took him no effort to do that with just his thumb and a claw
"Um thank you?" I said questioningly.
"I'll get you some wine Luna." Said the blonde haired one, I think his name was Rick.
"Earlier Kaizen didn't want to join your group" I mumbled. "You're not trying to butter me up?" I said more as a joke, but they took it seriously.
"Never you're a mate of the Royal Family your words regardless of his status don't change." Said Ace. He had some almost unnaturally green eyes. There was some blonde in his hair too now that I looked a little closer.
"What's his status?" I asked.
"Banished. He is currently wanted with a 90 million dollar bounty Alive. You get nothing if he's dead, and 1 million if he's injured." He said as the blonde guy brought beers.
"Sorry Ace, all they got's Samson Adeem's." Rick complained.
"Human beer is piss water whatever." Said the black haired werewolf, Jack.
"What's all of your status?" I asked.
"Rogues. Jacks's kill on sight." He pointed to him with his thumb.
"I'm still wanted by the Scotland Yard." He chuckled. His fanged grin was unsettling Kaizen was basically a literal demon. But Jack's face ironically looked honestly. sinister.
Something told me that if I wasn't claimed by Kaizen that this Jack person would have probably killed me.
"I'm wanted for fucking Alpha Green of GreenMoon's mate." Rick chuckled. "She's his mark mate not his true. If she was, she wouldn't have had me in their bed. She isn't even banished for it" He grumbled. "He just downed her status, and picked another female."
"Can you even Do that?" Asked Ace. "Like I know you told me, but I never thought about it much."
I could see Why she might have been seduced. He was handsome. Unlike Jackson the Slasher over there, he looked like a golden haired elf.
"Don't know. Don't care." Said Rick. "Tell her your status Ace." He said cutting into his ham with a knife and fork. It seemed some of them used human ways of eating while Jack tore into his food like a madman.
"I'm wanted because I was born out here. Well not Literally, but basically. I never got the Chance to do anything more than be a vagabond. I don't even have a pack ID, because my mother never got the chance to register me. I left at 15; never looked back. But I am from OilMoon." He said with a bittersweet smile.
"If he finds a mate, usually an Alpha will pardon someone like him. Not me a royal would have to pardon a serial killer." Said Jack. He chuckled. "I don't remember how old I am, just how many I've killed at least one a day. Two if I missed one."
See I was Joking Lord of Light! This is what I get for mingling with the Adversary's children!
"Are you alright?" Yawned Kaizen. "I keep getting waves of discomfort." He said shooting them glares.
"We told her of our past we still wish to join you, my lord." Said Ace. They bowed their heads, while Kaizen looked down on them from the top of the stairs It was so condescending, he may as well could have been glaring at worms.
"No pack will take any of us sir but they may take the children. We protect quite a few pups under the age of 10. 4 in total. The youngest is 3," Said Jack.
"Don't forget about their mothers. Valery's a pregnant Omega." Added Rick.
Kaizen sighed. "And what would I do?" He demanded. "Go into a pack as a Rogue myself, and hope I don't have to kill every Warrior in a pack to be heard?" 
"No but we could be your war band maybe you could settle in a human town. Under the protection of the Secret Police you're a Royal I KNOW they will make an exception for you and yours." Said Ace.
He hummed.
"They would. But you forget most precincts are ran by unicorns. They'd turn me in with or without any bounty money." He said as if he'd heard them talking to me.
"At least think on it Alpha." Said Rick, bowing his head lower. They all did when he tisked at them.
"Don't call me that." He growled
"Kaizen maybe they could just trail behind us?" I offered.
"We have a bus." Said Ace.
" My presence will likely be enough. But once we reach a major port city you Scram." He said firmly. "Why do I even bother." He said sitting down.
He sat, and elves rushed to give him a roast beef leg and some wine.
"Oh, Now you all change your tune?" He said agitated. "I hear Everyone All the time. I know what you all did, scram." He said shooing the elves away.
"That's some service sir." Said Ace.
"Yeah for Me, not the only person I care about. I was Trying to sleep I thought I was dreaming since you went downstairs, but I see I should have come sooner." He said not touching what they gave him.
"Kaizen at least eat what they gave you." I said sliding it a little closer.
"only because you asked. I'm checking out in the morning." He said making his fork red hot "Damit."
"You can use mine." I offered.
"Nah it's alright." He put it in his mouth to cool it, then stuck it in his meat Needless to say everyone who saw that was impressed 
"Thank you Lord Kaizen." Said Ace hesitantly.
"Just Kaizen is fine." He said simply.
"I assume then that you know our stories." Asked Jack.
"I knew that yesterday." Said Kaizen humming as he ate. His food still steamed. "I also know if any of you do anything stupid, I will skin you, and tan your hide myself." He warned.
The terrified looks on their faces told me it was possible. And he said it so casually. 
Ace as smoothly as he talked choked on his beer when he tried to drink it
"Kaizen be nice." I said to kind of diffuse the situation. "Regardless of their past, they're trying to do good."
"I swore in blood I would not kill again unless it to defend myself or others." Said Jack. "My ways are not reformed, but I have self control sire." He said with an English accent. His eyes also changed to red.
"I'm just a horny wolf who got caught fucking my Alpha's wife. That's what he gets for rejecting my Omega sister." Grumbled Rick. 
"As you probably know I was born to be out here I. I threw all contact with my family AWAY. I stole the money we needed to Rest for a minute it's So Hard every night every night of my life until This Week have I not known what a Real bed feels like flea infested hotels ran by bloodsuckers, roach crawling, rat skittering places in the dark. Hovels of abandoned homes sleeping on the ground shifted because I was too scared to not be Ready even now I still look over my shoulder for some Alpha some Fucking Big Monster to grab me by the scruff and tell me I don't belong" Said Ace.
He sounded bitter however Kaizen glared at Ace sternly.
"Before all this, All I lived was a life of luxury I Was the Big Monster who'd grab you in the night and shake the pelt Right off you, because your presence angered me My Beta office has two on the floor, and one tacked to the wall The taste of Fresh man's meat, still screaming the taste of blood in general I dare say sometimes I caught myself wanting to drink it. I am Not a good person. I am Not some holy Alpha on a white fucking winged unicorn sent to save anybody." He said looking at the table.
I didn't know what to say They shared their hearts, and I think it was my turn, though no one forced or said anything to make me share. I wanted to though.
"All my life I was just. I guess a boring human." I chuckled.
"But that's Good." Said Jack.
"It was." I smiled. "I grew up in a small town, around good people I taught at an expensive private school that paid for my tuition I didn't think you guys existed And once I Did, Everything Changed so FAST, I still wonder if it's even real" I mumbled. "But Kaizen, you DID SAVE meI was going to be ripped apart by the werewolves you killed You didn't have to ride a white unicorn you didn't have to be some righteous knight you sacrificed everything for me" I said quietly. "I don't know about anyone else, but that's more than enough for me."
I was going to apologize for it, but he kissed me gently on the top of the head. I could feel his pride. "And I'd do it again I didn't know I was saving my mate but my instincts did"
###chapter 18
Kaizen
The sun was up now, and they were packed. They really did have a small army of pups and women they had in their school bus it was a full sized one, yellow, like the ones mortals use to take their pups to school. 
The women looked. Fearful of me to say the least. That was normal though I was getting used to the stares All the time before all this it used to be just visitors of the pack, or new people of the royal courts that feared me
There were also MORE than what they initially claimed, because they forgot to think of their new addition of some teenagers. About 9 of them. They were all from different packs, from all over the country, spending their last money to have access to the forest part only. They had Just got here, but when they heard someone like me was leaving with a few wolves, they jumped at the chance to beg too.
I minded, but I said I didn't. 
I sighed getting the last of our things in the car. Willow was already set. She hummed listening to mortal music. I didn't know what band it was, but it really didn't matter. What did was that she was happy
She hummed in there, not aware that every wolf could hear her sing her 'concert', but no one had the heart to tell her.
I had a mate I still couldn't believe it I couldn't believe she let me finish the process too I even had a cool tattoo of the crescent moon on my neck like my uncles did. Though. since I was a demigod my grandfather's mark engulfed grandmother's on both of us. He was now her protector too. Also, the tattoos were a good idea. It would take Much more than a human bite to cut my skin.
Fuck though if it didn't feel nice for her to try.
/Boss they're settled./ linked Ace.
/Good. Do you have a full tank?/ I linked.
/We've been running on fumes just to get here. But the kids sold their Beetle and their beat up pickup. That's four thousand right there / he linked honestly. 
/Oh for fuck's sake. I got a few grand in the back./ I linked.
Mind linking was something all werebeasts could do, though not all of us are compatible with each other. I can telepathically communicate with wolves around me, but I have had the luck to try with multiple kinds of shifters. Hard to do but possible for Me, probably not for them though.
He came and I opened the trunk. "Take as much as you need." I told him.
He looked dumbfounded like he'd never seen that much money before oh right they're commoners.
"Boss" He said hesitating. 
He worried was this a test or trick, but he Really wanted to stuff his pockets. It took all his self control not to. His wolf didn't trust me, thinking I would pelt them if he touched it.
"You are pack. I won't have you running out of gas. Oh, and while it's on my mind, do you have tires?" I asked.
"No sir" he said still not even reaching for it.
I took about eight grand and put it in his hands. It was the most he'd ever held at one time.
"We'll stop by a mechanic, get this thing tuned up, then go." I said casually. This was Nothing for me. It was just money but it seemed for wolves who were young and had little of it their whole life, I was a gods' send.
". Thank you boss. I swear I won't let you down I'm not that strong, but with what I have, I'll gladly share." He said nearly running to the school bus. I could hear the screaming and excitement from here.
When I got in my car, my mate's smile told me she heard too.
"You're a good person." She sing sang.
"I'm Not. I just don't really value mortal things. This is a tin can, that's just paper paper that can buy me more delicious snacks but none as yummy as yo-"
"Shush!" She yelled.
I laughed starting the car. "Use the supernatural Doogle to find a mechanic." I said stealing a small cheek kiss before leaving.
"It says there's one off I-35." She said happily.
"Good. It's on the way." I said with a smile.
/Do you think the bus can make it an hour more?/ I linked.
/Yeah. I know where you're headed. That shop's run by gnomes. I might not be able to stop there./
/You ditched on the payment, didn't you?/ I linked. /I'll pay that too. / 
I hope he heard that sigh 
/Thanks boss. / he linked Very sheepishly. I could hear his thoughts from here. While they cheered they had money, he thought I'd skin him. He was Hiding Something what I didn't know, but with my power I would find out eventually.
As a son of Brutus's line He couldn't have the luxury of secrets.
I was a servant of hell after all, being marked by the Horned One himself 
Once we left the barrier, I had a feeling I would never be welcome at any elf village again. I didn't kill anyone, but my snarls at check out might have been heard by Willow.
They insulted my mate, that was honestly what the complaint was. But I lost my temper. I broke the reception desk and caught the lobby on fire by accident. But they shouldn't have called her a pet.
I thought I was dreaming. I heard everything down there, but I was stupid that I didn't just Go check on her I initially thought my mark and mating would be enough it wasn't.
Elves couldn't smell as well as us, but I KNOW they saw her mark. The Moon Goddess, my grandmother did that it made me want to ask her something
If ever I die grandmother please watch over Willow Grandfather I know she isn't one of us, but I don't I can't 
"Kaizen are you ok?" She asked. She felt my pain. The literal thought of leaving her to die alone somewhere roused my instincts of sorrow I had physical pain from it. My heart actually hurt.
"Now that I have you, I will never let you go. I worry that now that it's official my trouble may become yours I don't think my brother would outright kill you but if you are banished from the human world, and kept a pet, or banished from my world too you Will die and that is Not ok with me." I said truthfully.
"But.. Kaizen I don't think anyone is outright after you." She said honestly. "Like we were at a place ran by elves they probably reported you. maybe." 
"I know they did, but the Elf King's jurisdiction is there. So long as I'm not wanted by the elves too, an officer of the Royal Court can't just waltz in there, nor a Secret Police Officer without a warrant." I told her. "Though. I am Banned from such rest points, seeing as how I almost burned down the lobby."
"That's what the yelling and screaming was?!" She said laughing. I thought she'd be mad. "I hope they have to close for repairs!" She giggled.
"I'm a bad influence." I snickered with her. 
"YUP!" She squealed.
I was told to get off the exit, and now all I have within this title would have to work for Ace.
Their engine sounded about to run out of gas any moment, but I could give it a good push so long as no one paid me any mind on the highway. They likely wouldn't believe it anyways.
The small town was in the middle of nowhere, but it was all supernatural. It seemed by the scent anyway that was kind of neat. This was probably the gnomes den, since all the houses looked well kept and even the little mechanic shop had no grease in their parking lot.
I pulled over, and got out, and they smiled. They were all short, 3 foot tall gnomes, but their half supernatural children were about 5 feet tall. Their smiles ended when they saw Ace get out the bus.
"Are you with Them?" Asked the head gnome, he wore a red beanie. He was bushy bearded, having dark brown hair with a little gray peppered in. Rare for an immortal, but it meant he's probably around a few thousand years, at Least over 5.
"I will pay whatever he owes. They need repairs before we go north." I said going inside, following him.
Once inside, I revealed my horns. I even let the little flame flicker. 
"Oh Light shield us." He said making the sign of the sun. A small bubble of light surrounded him and all he cared for.
"Woa I mean no harm. I only show my power, that you believe me the first time." I smiled. I would let him think his magic Could stop me, but to be fair I only had that confidence because of my bloodline. 
It would keep them calmer to just not be an asshole though... "I am Kaizen, the Horned Wolf grandson of the Horned One son of the Beast. I take charge and responsibility for their actions. I know they left with a high tab let me pay it in cash right now."
"Twelve thousand. For the repairs Now and the 5 grand they cheated." He said firmly.
We shook wrists. He had to pop his bubble to do it though. I didn't want to get burned to be fair 
"It is a deal then. I may be a demigod from darkness, but I am no cheat." I said leaving out.
"We'll throw in a tune up for your car too." Said the elder. "I'm Ross by the way." 
I don't know what he said to his fellow gnomes, but I knew it was instructional the way he barked their language. We all got out, and while they fixed up our cars, Ace went across the street to fill up some fairly large emergency gas cans at a gas station.
Willow sat in the lobby with me. I watched WeTube shorts with her. I can't lie, I loved nonsense and in her feed were jokes. We laughed until she shed tears she was comfortable around me she was terrified of me at first, but it seemed after the completion of the process, any fear of me that remained was gone.
They tinkered on both vehicles for only a few hours, and when they were done, we got back on the road.
###chapter 19
Willow
We'd made it to the city, and it was Late, about 2 am, but the goblins establishment was 24 hours. 
They had a small casino, a hotel, and some other things. But most of all it was secret. No human would ever know that this was what it was. In the front was a restaurant, and in the restroom, in the last stall was a special unisex bathroom that so long as you were supernatural and touched it, it revealed a door and a tunnel.
This place was massive and there was a small line. It seemed this was how supernatural people did business. It was a bank, casino, hotel, bar, grill, a mall and even had some indoor rides... but the outside looked like a normal diner. All this stuff was underground.
We were next, and it was our turn.
"Good evening. How may I help?" Asked the goblin woman she was small and green, in a stool that adjusted its height.
"Evening. I need a new card, and an alias on it, as well as a new ID. Oh and I also want to add a card for my mate."
"Have a name in mind?" She asked.
"Kyle? Kyle . Ford?" He said more as a question.
"And the lady?" she asked.
"I'm fine." I said with a small smile.
"We need to change your information. Pick a name. but use the last name I picked." He encouraged.
"Um Hanna Ford?" I said and he nodded. It was literally a random name off the top of my head.
"Stand over there for new Id photos please." She said pointing to a blue screen.
I did as I was told, and he did too. This was almost like the DMV
"Alright, 28.90 million is now dispersed on your new cards. That includes the fees, a one night stay, an all access pass to the park, redeemable anytime, and a new license plate on the house your highness.This Also includes sovereignty from even the orders of our own king, since I added the privacy fee as well. Would you like anything else?" She asked.
Kaizen was a millionaire. 
"I would also like to be married." He said with a smile. I did too
"Oh and a marriage certificate. This is an official legal document. Congratulations."  She said popping a confetti gun. She then pulled out a case of rings I could only dream of wanting on Pinneytrest.. one was a purple eternity band... it flashed reds and blues in the light.
"What's your ring size?" He asked. It was 7. "I want you to say it." He grinned.
"7" I said sheepishly.
"Would you like the 6 carat eternity band, blessed with a protection charm for an additional 3 million?" she asked. "It's purple diamond, mined near the In-Between, the closest a mortal can get to the spirit world."
"No!" It was my dream ring, I always loved baguette cut channel set rings... but I could NEVER afford that.
"Go ahead. You forget I hear you." He grinned.
"But it's so much!" I protested but he ignored me. 
"Enjoy your stay." She bowed.
He put it on my finger, and grinned. "Money as I've said means nothing." He said taking my hand.
"But you may not get more so easily." I mumbled. 
"Even if I became poor, I'm still a wolf. I could work for another king probably. I KNOW the Goblin King would take me in. He's been dying to get one of us on his payroll since before I was born. He offered my father 4 billion dollars for one of us as pups." He chuckled.
" is that why you have the tattoo of the Horned One on your belly button?" I asked.
"No. Grandfather did that himself the day we were born. I actually remember that. Being a demigod makes it. Hard to forget things. The others won't admit it, but I will." He said like that was Normal. 
Inside, Ace and his people were already inside the hotel part. Kaizen forbade them from going to the casino, but they could ride the rides.
"I think I'll play some cards." Said Kaizen. "It says in elvish there that the payout for blackjack is double your money tonight." He beamed.
"Hypocrite." I said playfully.
"Mind Reading Hypocrite." He chuckled, opening the door for me.
I'd never seen so many slot machines, and I'd gone to Vagus to celebrate my uni graduation.. Games, food, women shifted into their true forms they were goat ladies but their legs were bare, showing their asses He held my hand, leading me to a table with a man polishing a glass it was the cards table.
He took me to the table, and I stood next to him. They gave him 20, million dollar chips at his request. He slid them all in the center like an Idiot, but I said nothing.
"Are you Sure you want to do this sir?" Asked the man shuffling cards. He had horns like a bull. His hair was dark, shaggy, and almost unkept it was so curly. "If you win, an additional 40 million dollars will be forwarded to your account." He said with a serious scowl.
"Go ahead minotaur." He grinned. 
Kaizen watched him like a hawk as he delt the cards his eyes were that strange  dark brown and red iris I hated when the white of his eyes changed to that brown the most it reminded me too much of the evil stories I was told growing up.
Kaizen won. 
"I think I'll retire." Said Kaizen. He looked serious. There was no passive smile to his face at the moment
"Play one more time double or nothing." Encouraged the man. He pressed a button, even I heard the click, and soon we were surrounded
"You think I Cheat?" He asked taking off his shirt, pants. Boxers shoes And socks.
"That is unnecessary." Huffed a guard. "Your majesty play him again please." 
"No. I know I'll lose. I won Too much." He said with folded arms, shaking, then shimming on each article of clothing.
"Well. He wasn't cheating at least." Said the most well-dressed guard.
"Get the manager." Said another guard.
"Would you like to come with us?" He asked.
"Whatever." Said Kaizen.  He got up, and I followed.
They said nothing to me, but I got glancing glares as I rode the elevator with them. In the office on the bottom floor, the gaudily dressed manager was in a tailored suitHe was a darker green than the goblins upstairs, but he also looked a little  stuffed in his suit. He also had a top hat.
"Well I'll be damned" He said with a small bow. "I'm Wix my lord, Crown Prince Wix'lek. This whole state's my domain. You're safe from persecution here as long as you don't piss off my father."
"He cheats." Said one of the security guards.
"I actually don't." said Kaizen calmly. "And I'm trying for my mate's sake to be civil about this."
". Rogue or Not I Know a Literal Fucking Grandchild of the Horned One wouldn't cheat in a casino He's just in his element. Double or nothing kid. I get as many chances as I want. I swear on my sinnin' soul no cheats, takesies backsies or foul play."
"Deal."
"But boss..." one said as if he was Sure Kaizen cheated.
"Shut up and Watch Close those. Hellish eyes son." He pulled a deck of cards out and shuffled them, then tossed them to a guard. "Shuffle um too. Eyes closed. No mind reading here..." He said to the minotaur with a grin.
The guard fumbled with them, but they were shuffled while they found something to cover his eyes, so no one could say he was peaking so no one knew what cards were which.
"Now toss them back." He said drawing a card on his table from two thirds down not the middle or the ends. "A one in fifty two chance what card is this?" he put it back, and pulled out a different card, also not from the first, last, or middle
"The Queen of Hearts." Kaizen said simply. "The first one you pulled was a spade ace."
"What will this dice roll?" He asked pulling out a a 100 sided copper dice.
"94" He said before it was rolled and it was a 94.
"Again."
"15"
He was right.
"Mind one more time?" asked Wix.
"48."
He rolled it. 
"Will I roll a number 50 and up?" He asked.
"No."
It was 49
"You idiots See.? This guy's blessed by Downstairs himself. Gamblin's a sin after all  I should know that well enough." Wix grinned.
"I bet you want me to get what you lost back." Said Kaizen.
"Nah. I'm already headed down anyway. First Class of course." Snickered Wix. "Give the man his money, so says Lord Wix'lek the Unlucky One." He grinned. "I only ask that One day if I ever call, you come and place a bet for me."
"I think I can do that. I won't swear loyalty or anything, but I do owe you one." He said firmly.
"Understandable. If my sources are correct, you're directly marked by the Horned One himself." He said tossing him what looked like a scroll.
"The deed to a supernaturally gated community. There's a barrier so humans can't see ya shift and everything." He said happily, but Kaizen hesitated.
"What about everyone else?" He asked.
"Rogues. Trash. They mooch. I know a mooch when I see one." Said Wix waggling his finger. "Plus. It really don't look too good hangin' 'round. Jack ya knowHe's killed at least. I don't know, a Lot of people." 
Kaizen scoffed.
"No I'm not kiddin' 'round. You'll see. He's been around longer than he'll admit but I bet in that twisted mind of his, he knows He's Older Than Me, a Crown Prince.. Killin' every day. Do the math." He said seriously. "I've been around since the War since before our homeland of Atlantis was sank."
"Be that as it may, they swore to me so I'm responsible for them." Said Kaizen with crossed arms.
" Your majesty you play Hard ball how about the 8 bedroom, 6 bath at the end of McCarson Drive?" He asked. "It's got a wet bar and bathroom in the basement."
"I don't think human homes get much bigger I'll take it." He said shaking wrists with Wix 
"There. You can shift anytime you like in the gates. The little ones can go to private school, we're sovereign, all 650 acres, so no Secret Police I heard about your murder spree. If you want, I can clean your record." He smiled.
Kaizen hesitated again.
"No I Know something like that would have a Real Favor attached to it." He said with folded arms. "But, I Will take my money, the deed, and the keys to this new house."
"That's fine enough for me. Oh and here's my number. I'll call you if I need you. Your presence here protects me and mine. Oh, and congratulations on your marriage too. Now go get some fresh air." He said shooing us out his office.
We left, but Kaizen headed upstairs to the elevator. We went to the hotel exit instead of the home It could wait until morning... we were safe here by Wix'lek's words. The goblins had a different king, so they had different rules. Rules that could obviously be bribed away should we get any trouble here.
###chapter 20
Willow
We slept until check-out time, which was 11am all of us did. They literally had to beat on the door this morning before we left. We were tired and I think it was the first time any of them had a day of being truly free. For me, that didn't hold as much weight, but seeing everyone's faces when they ran inside the large, brick home with smiles so wide it made me almost tear up.
Kaizen had unlocked the doors to the enormous brick mansion  It was three stories, and Wix's personal former second home. I can only imagine he gave such an extravagant home away on a whim with the motive of having Kaizen be a deterrent for anyone else who wanted to muscle in on such profitable business 
After all I got married in all of 3 minutes, we gambled, the kids rode rides and all of us slept in a supernaturally safe area Goblins could get things Done 
But the house the white walls with gold crown molding was in every room Every entrance had custom plaster pillars that went to the ceiling. All the furniture was a light beige, so light in fact, I thought it was off white. The accented floors were solid wood, and dark oak, but the carpet was a warm, lighter shade of oak. The light blue and tan rug also looked hand woven.
It made me wonder how much money he invested in this place only to Give it to Kaizen.. and doubled his earnings in the casino Kaizen could live a long, happy life like this. No WE could it felt nice I was married like I wanted I had a husband but more importantly a soulmate.
"Boss, there's a basement down here as big as the house!" Yelled Ace. 
We walked through the enormous open concept kitchen, dining area and living room The backyard could be seen through glass French doors, but to the right side against the wall was a door that led downstairs.
The basement really was about the size of the entire house, and it seemed they put a bunch of extra long twin beds down there for anyone who wouldn't have a room. There was also a nice seating area down there, and an 80 inch TV
"Boss I literally had a dream to follow you." Said Ace. "But I still feel like a Rogue"
"We are, but we're also a pack." Said Kaizen. "With my might I will protect this place I never wanted to be Alpha I never wanted responsibility but now that I have it, and a Luna, it wouldn't be Right to forsake you all too." He said looking at his clawed hands. "I cannot undo what I did but maybe this can count for something"
"Well I saw they packed the freezer with meat let's have a fucking party." Said Ace with a small smile.
"See I just want to relax. But that does sound nice." Said Kaizen. 
"I wanted to go to the store, and I could get some drinks." Said one of the female werewolves she was almost as tall as Ace, and twice as pale. But to be honest, all supernaturals except the goblins and gnomes were all Much taller and bulkier than humans.
"To be fair I kind of want to tag along too." I said with a small smile.
"This place is gated. Go ahead." Said Kaizen. 
He looked relaxed like this was the first time in a long time that he let his guard down.
"It IS the first time I've had a chance to fucking Relax" He said letting out his horns. We went into the front of the house while Ace started the grill. "Go with Valery." He encouraged kissing me on the lips slowly there was so much passion in it he held me like I'd collapse from his touch.
I was melting butter until he gently released me And I went with Valery.
The gated community was filled with enormous houses, and above flew dragons and witches while below ran wolves, unicorns, and cat people.  I could only guess that this was where the Filthy rich creatures lived.
Especially since I was the only human here. And I got looks. 
Most were of curiosity since they saw the mark on my neck, but some were malicious.
"I see your frown Luna, pay them no mind." Said Valery. She was as pale as me, though her blonde hair shined almost as if it were made of glitter.
"I won't." I smiled. "I'm kind of used to it."
"That's not good. No one should single you out because of your blood" She mumbled.
"Is that why you're a Rogue?' I asked.
"Well..I just got Tired of being treated like Shit especially after my mate passed I hate that I'm putting my boys and daughter through this but Lord Kaizen doesn't see rank it's refreshing." She smiled. "In my old pack they thought might made right I'll be 834 this year. I was Sick of it. I know as an Omega, mated to an Omega we were barely seen as wolves, but it got to the point to where I was becoming the pack punching bag"
" Were you alive during the witch trials? Sorry if that question is so odd just that Kaizen's a hundred, you're over 800 like I'm just 27." She didn't look a day over 30.
She giggled. "Yes, but as an Omega, I got a chance to travel with my husband to get supplies for the pack. I'm so weak of a wolf that I'm not even allergic to silver, but my children are gifted with the shift, as this condition is random."
 "How I see it, is that we're all in this together." I said with a small smile. "I also feel like all of us should be able to RelaxEspecially anyone who isn't strong my husband would never treat anyone like that." I said confidently.
Their world was much more brutal My people may have done many terrible things, especially to each other. But no one out right made it so you couldn't live your life Just because of your condition.
"I know I see so many peoples an no one seems too bad." She bowed.
"Oh no, you don't have to do that." I mumbled.
"No, not only are you mated to a prince, but our Alpha. Please do not interrupt this custim. I am only an Omega but should others do as they should, the respect they give will make your life much easier." She said rising.
Others saw this and surely enough, other shifters bowed as we passed. It seemed like word spread.
She also sounded a little more encouraged. But I don't think I could ever understand her feelings. To be cast out of society for power. That didn't happen with humans at least, not outright. Sure the homeless and poor had it hard, but no one treated you like shit because you were human or in her case, as strong as one from what I've been told.
But the supermarket stopped my train of thought.
Inside the store everything was so expensive here but my mate gave me access to his funds. So I didn't mind.
We bought the $50 a case elvish beer 4 in total, bread and snacks too. We spent more money than if we'd have just gone to Tiger Market, the local grocery store in the human part of town but then we'd have to drive and we wouldn't be protected or anything.
The unicorn cashier had their horn out for everyone to see, and we left with the heavy bags. We didn't think to ask one of the boys to come with us, but even so, another wolf approached us and shifted into a human shape it was a naked man.
"Need any help?" He asked. "Name's Yuka, like the plant." He smirked. He took our stuff before we could ask for help, but his smile was infectious. There was no malice or ulterior motive.
He was tall, gray saggy haired and tan, but he seemed nice enough. 
"I'm Willow and that's Valery. Thank you so much." I smiled.
"Well. It would be Rude to allow an Omega and a Human to carry so much beer and food. Welcome to MisfitMoon." He chuckled. "That isn't it's Real name mind you, but the wolves here think it's fitting."
"I didn't know there was a pack here." Mumbled Valery.
"Technically there isn't, but that's what all of us call it. Everyone here is an outcast, well a Wealthy outcast of their people anyway."
"How'd you become a Rogue?" I asked.
"I didn't like pack life. I Could leave, since my former Alpha and me were on good terms... but why be ruled over, when I can just live my life?" He asked. "I was a well off investor in GrayMoon. I wasn't on the board of directors for the hospitals there or anything, but I Did make good money. I left before Alpha Gray, the Fifth Seat, became a council member, but after the stocks crashed. I left when stocks tanked like they did, and sold um when they bounced back. I feel like an idiot though.... if I'd have waited until now, they're worth triple what I sold 'um for."
"Does the Alpha here trade in stocks too?' I asked. To my understanding, Alphas were like the tribal chiefs of werewolves. They ruled a territory. Wolves would pay taxes to that wolf, but in return he had to risk his life for threats.
"There was no Alpha until Lord Kaizen arrived. Someone like him here will rule it all soon enough." He said looking at the direction of the house. "I assume about now, pretty much everyone is going to vow their loyalty to him."
"Really?" I asked.
"Yeah, though the only person you'd probably have an issue with is Flora, the local nosy neighbor. Just keep your grass cut and no lawn ornaments that phoenix babies her lawn like her actual pups."
"I Doubt she would do something so dumb seeing as how Kaizen is the grandson of the Horned One." Said Valery.
"Is that True though?" He asked.
"I've seen his horns myself there's even a little candle flicker between them when he yells." Valery admitted.
I didn't notice that.
He nodded silently.
"He hears thoughts and intentions too, so if you're trying to do something. Don't." She mumbled.
"The only thing I want is some of that grilled meat. It smells like roast venison. I helped move in the furniture; the decorating was my idea." He said proudly.
"You have taste." I mumbled.
"Thank you." He said walking a little faster than us now.
I could see why We got back to the yard, and sure enough, the woman Yuka warned us about was out there, asking about something. I needed to get closer so I could hear what they were saying, but Yuka laughed.
"See I Told you! Flora beat it, you flaming buzzard!" He shouted waving.
"Why I Never! First Dirty Wolves Ruin my garden, now they move a Demon next to me!" She cried dramatically holding the back of her hand to her forehead.
She was a woman with orange red hair, and if not for her being in gardening clothes, she looked human.. You wouldn't suspect her to be so proper sounding either. If not for the outfit, you'd swear she was some kind of noble. Her accent sounded like she was from the Kingdoms United, but what part I couldn't say it was definitely a royal accent though.
###chapter 21
Willow
"You should go back to your home Flora." Said Kaizen. His horns were out, and his head was tilted slightly to the side. I don't know what she'd said before we showed up, but he was clearly pissed off at her.
"The council will hear of this!" She hissed.
She was going to leave, but before she could finish turning around, he was in front of her path back to her house so fast, it was as if he teleported He was a literal blur of red lightning. "See. You'll be a feather pillow depending on which council you're speaking of." He said with folded arms.
"The Homeowner's Association you Idiot!" She screamed. "Move! It's bad enough I have to smell your sulfurous scent!" She marched around him.
He stood there confused. She wasn't at all intimidated and if she wasn't being a bitch, I'd be impressed
"Well that was pleasant. Anyway. Venison Roast's ready!" He shouted and there were cheers. Me and Valery walked past Kaizen, but he stopped Yuka by taking the groceries.
"Thank you for helping the girls I didn't think they'd bring back so much." He said shaking wrists with the werewolf.
"Just doin' my job You wouldn't happen to have a spot available for me and mine would ya?" Yuka said with a bow. "I may be a Rogue, but I am still loyal to the crown."
"Then your life is better spent elsewhere." Said Kaizen. "I am here because I killed my own pack for this one." He said putting me under his arms. 
"Half my soul is also delicate as frost's first kiss I have a witch mate I know how frail the Luna is. I understand your struggle and I Disagree with the King's ruling but as a wolf who swears to his prince."
"I don't." Said Kaizen. "She is my mate half my soulare you alright knowing that my instincts supersede my reasoning?" He asked seriously. "I will not ask you, nor any wolf to swear to me unless you understand this." 
They shared a silent glare a long time There was no communication between them, neither verbal or body language The other wolves that seemed to come from all over the neighborhood must have heard him, as they vouched with nods.
"I can vow to this I understand. plus, it protects my small, frail mate, Regardless of your warning Witches are not strong like us they are basically humans who can cast magic body wise."
"My mate was rejected by my pack because she is a vampire." Said one of the men cutting his hand. "With my blood, I vow loyalty to the Horned Blood. I am Emmit Former Shadow Warrior... Should I leave these lands I will be beheaded"
His eyes were not the same one was blue, and the other was brown. His black hair held a single silver streak, and his dark skin seemed to radiate. A shadowy presence. I didn't like it it was like you Knew he was a killer. He gave off the same vibe as Jack.
It made me wonder did other supernatural creatures feel like this naturally because they were hunters I also .I just Knew he was a man eater...
"I know." Said Kaizen. "Call them here and any else you two think won't be a problem If I am to be Alpha like everyone else wants, I'll make sure I get to know their faces." He said sternly.
"We have a private BookFace Group." Said Yuka, pulling out his phone. 
"Come with me." Said Kaizen. I was still under his arms and I wondered was this a werewolf thing I didn't say anything because I figured it was best to let him handle his people.
It also could have made it worse. I could kind of feel his stress Not just be aware of it it felt almost like it was mine.
"Kaizen, I don't think Yuka has any ulterior motives." I said being handed a plate by Ace. There was one for Kaizen too they gave him an entire beef leg.
"Thank's Ace." He said walking with me. 
"I'll see to the rest of us sir." Said Ace, running off into the crowd of growing supernaturals. I made sure to thank him too before he was out of earshot. 
We sat down in a lawn chair. We were in the back yard, while the people I were more familiar with, stood closer to us. Kaizen seemed to be looking somewhere to chat in private.
"I can see his soul Yuka's clean. I'm just worked up about the fact that my Human mate is surrounded by supernatural people I don't know If anyone tries anything, I know I won't be able to control myself." He said kissing me on the forehead. "But that being said, let's enjoy the new forming pack"
"Hey hey! Now that Alpha's got his cut, let's eat!" Shouted Ace over the growing crowd. It wasn't long either before at least two or three hundred More people showed up to the house.and not all were wolves. Some were green or blue skinned, while others were unnaturally tall like Kaizen. They also had cow horns out. "You have any words sir?" He asked.
Everyone looked somewhat excitedly for whatever speech he was going to give.
"Since everyone is so keen on making me Alpha, I'll be your Alpha." He said seriously. "I am the direct blood of the Horned One. And for it I have committed actions that cast me out I deserve that. But I vow with my power, I will protect you all how I canand my mate. She is human, but she is your Luna." He said firmly.
"MisfitMoon gives no fucks about stations, bloodlines, or species." Said one of the wolves, raising his can of elvish beer. There was a lot of agreement
"Oi! I've never been in a 'pack', but fuck it! Welcome boss and lady boss!" Shouted a really tall, blue skinned man.
People cheered, and Kaizen looked really surprised.
"Then to MisfitMoon." Said Kaizen, raising up the entire leg of beef that had to be Pounds of food He took a flaming bite with a small growl I could see his teeth become black, and the roasted meat was cooked a little more well done from it
I almost wondered if this celebration was ok since we were outlaws I still was wrapping my head around it, but I wouldn't say anything. I know Kaizen heard me, but for now, we all ate, drank and were merry well they had alcohol.
I still. I couldn't Relax with the drinking part. all I could think about with its smell, were my friends. 
"Would you like to go inside?" Asked Kaizen. 
". I think I do." I mumbled. 
"I'll come with you." He said somehow Done. All that was left of the cow leg, and he bit into it like a damn candy bar. The Crunch made my hair stand on end. He snapped a piece off the end. "Want some marrow?"
"No!" I yelled horrified, and a few people laughed at me. However, he looked concerned.
"Sorry" He said sheepishly with a smile.
"It's alright." I said walking with him inside. He finished the bone by the time we got to our master bedroom.
It was beautiful in there the heavy looking wood furniture matched the dark wood of the bed. All of it was carved, filled with leaves, gold accents, and 
The crown molding and canopy bed was over the top as if I were in a palace.
"The colors are wrong." He said with a chuckle. "They put crimson and black sheets, the castle's colors are black and gold." He said picking me up. He laid me on the bed and covered me with the satin blanket.
"I'm not sleepy." I complained.
"Too bad. Get a little rest little mate you don't have to drink to hang out with us you don't have to overextend your social meter for my sake either." He said kissing me on the forehead.
Now that I relaxed a little I was sleepy he handed me the key to the door by putting it around my neck It looked Old, but it was surprisingly light.
----Kaizen-----
I left her to sleep, and she locked the door from the inside like I told her to. My grandfather wished to speak with me but as far as the others knew, the 'wolf' with dark brown hair the one who looked nearly identical to me was just a 'normal' man.
"My grandson." He said pressing his forehead to mine, not revealing his horns. He had his hands on my shoulders, while grandmother hugged me round my chest.
She also appeared to look 'normal'. Instead of her moon colored skin, she was about the same skin tone as my mate, with long silver hair.
I had so many questions, but I also knew they would not answer them not Yet. Not until my situation was resolved.
"How's the party?" I asked, seeing him smile. I was correct
"Very Nice." Said Grandfather. "Know as my one of my marked champions, you may never die my son."
"Know son that you have our blessings." Said grandmother. She looked about ready to cry for whatever they had planned for us. ". May your instincts no longer rule you."  Said the Moon Goddess
"My dear, they are mine to bless." Said the Horned One. He petted her hair, and she looked into his eyes pleadingly, but we both knew grandfather would not relent on his words.
For her to attempt to bless me that way, it meant she thought she made a mistake. For that I gave her a hug.
"Grandma do not be ashamed of my actions, nor my soul I am a monster as much as I am of Horned blood but do not try to change me. I am happy with being myself." I said seeing my grandfather grin
He marked us as his the day we were born we belong to the Horned One. If I were to die, I will not go to grandmother's realm. I will be one of his generals.
"My blood. You impress me." He said with a chuckle. "You will need your truth for your brother." He said firmly. "I will reward you with one question since you quelled my butterfly's tears." He had grandma under his arm, tucking her away to hold onto him. 
We three knew Tyson would Not bend on his law
The only real question I would have for the King of Hell. Would be Why
But I knew the answer to separate us
All our lives, we did everything together. We were an unstoppable unit we were our own pack. But with that unity, would likely be confusion
There was no way I could have the love of my life at my side, if the bond connection went to siblings. It could have been too much of a strain on trying to remain as we were, while at the same time, adding three more to our trio in the form of soulmate bonds.
Meaning that we could have fallen in love with other people, beyond our soulmate.
"Grandfather please hold your favor as a vagabond in this world, I may see you sooner than either of us like." I mumbled.
"I made it so that only your siblings, uncles or father may return you but whoever does such a thing better have a Good reason." He said his piece neither loud nor angrily. But he radiated power. I doubt an Old One of any stature would have missed it 
For my brother's sake I hope this ends peacefully.
###chapter 22
Kaizen
The party provided me with an additional truth one I didn't want to admit one that I had to admit to myself regardless 
I Needed that meat. 
I'd lost a bit of weight last time I shifted since the flame uses my energy not too much, but enough to tell me that as a 'monster', I needed a steady supply of a large amount of food.  
The way she sees me amuses me. I caught myself smiling at that again. I Should be offended.
"You alright Alpha?" The one who sat next to me now was my Beta, Ace. My Gamma would be Jack while we were in the living room mostly to ourselves, I would formally address him.
The Omega Valery as well as the pups were in the living room, but they were watching the news to pass time, and also likely to digest.
"There's no packhouse office here, but this kitchen will do." I said getting all their attention It seemed even the other Rogues who swore to me earlier even a few goblins wanted to hear my order should I give it.
"Before we start I need to come clean about something sir" Said Ace, but I stopped him.
"I Know you are from Brutus's line Brutos, of the House of Finnand." I said calmly. "It's written on your soul." I said truthfully.
He looked like he saw a ghost. The rest of them looked at each other as if I were a monster well even among monsters, my people were.
"I don't have anything to do with them. They Contact Me." He said firmly, but honestly shaken that I'd said the traitor's name so casually.
"Who's Brutus?" Asked a goblin. They weren't wolves, so they wouldn't know. Most wolves wouldn't either now that I thought of it, since the Wolf Court was a myth until I think about a hundred and fifty to two hundred years ago. The old wolves liked their privacy, and let themselves vanish into legends and tales for their own piece of mind. 
It was why Grandfather slept. Why my brother's paw was firm iron why if he had his hands on me
Now that I have a mate I Cannot leave her alone in this world May we never cross again.
"Brutus was the former Third Seat of the Wolf Court, the one who ruled before my mother. My father killed and skinned him alive after he perceived him as a threat. He also sent his pelt to the True Third Seat, the Frosted One. The first five seats are meant to hold an elemental wolf however the Frosted One has a human mate Brutus didn't like that."
There was a lot of drama about all this too, but I left that outOriginally, The Frosted One fought alongside the Wolf King They were all as brothers, but even still Phillip was banished. He renounced his title and his pack for his mate's safety it was how Brutus became the Third Seat. How the legacy of the House of Grisham was made.  I left out how no one trusted Brutus because he was a Snake who gained his seat by threatening Phillips human mate and unborn.
I also left out that because he tried to threaten us as pups he holds his own special place in hell.
Oddly enough, I vaguely remember being babysat while father killed the rest of Brutus's line. Being a demigod I don't forget much.
Ironic that I, one stronger than even the King also have a human mate That I, for her sake lost all my control, and would again.
"It's more than Just that." Said Ace breaking the silence. "They were all monsters. My family's empire was built off the backs of good men and women Supernatural And mortal alike. It Didn't matter. Their pelts are as slimy as their hearts.They lied, and all who they could not cheat or trick, they found whatever weakness they could But when your father killed the patriarchs of my family, their precious dynasty fellI was too young to remember that well, but you can imagine the way they behave if I left at 15.." He said firmly. "Those wolves don't behave like a pack there is no loyalty there is no one there you can trust."
"You tell me this in guilt, but I only see resilience you even left your mate. I assume they either called you about it or convinced you to come back."
"They lured me back. They told me my mate was there. They weren't lying I'd have come home if not for their schemes and plansAnd she is like Them" He said honestly. "I went back by myself about a month agoThey paid for the plane ticket and everything."
"We told him not to go, but they promised him money too. He came back not himself." Said Jack.
"Then Stop beating yourself up, find a mark mate to soothe the pain and move on here with us." I said firmly.  "That goes for all of you. I do not care about your past actions. I care about what you choose to do Now Granted I can't make an official pack, but I Can offer the protection one provides." I said seeing many of them nod.
"And I may not be a real Beta but I know enough." Said Ace. "I swear I'll be a second you can be Proud of.I Left my pack fuck them." He grumbled.
"Is there anything they're doing or planning in particular?" I asked. "The rest of you, Do not follow." I said motioning Jack. "If you're my third, you should hear too."
"Of course sir." Jack said following me to the guest bedroom on my floor one day it may become an office, but there was no room for pups if I did that It was Way too soon to think about it anyway.
"Now tell me." I said putting my hand to my temples.
"Frost and OilMoon already belong to the House of Finnand but they have their eyes set on getting back into the court. They plan on using Jang, the Sixth seat." He said looking down.
"His pack it is empty. He was cursed by my uncle. Treason was his crime the death of his Entire Pack was his punishment." I warned. "He is not a threat." I mumbled.
"No but he has gone mad with all the isolation He speaks to his dead wife as if she's there... He wears a scrap of her fur on his wrist To be honest sir he might do whatever my cousin wants."  Ace was really quiet, but I could hear Why he left.
It was also why he was so sure, but I wanted him to say it out his mouth.
"Speak." I commanded.
"Once I got there I'd almost accepted my mate until my mother started ranting some hairbrained scheme for Martha, my cousin. They want her to marry that crazy wolf but I wouldn't know why. My mate was the daughter of some investor, and with our bonding he was going to merge his company with OilMoon's refinery.I don't even know how they knew we were mates. We were just childhood friends"
"That was likely their guess then. Also, Jang's a high enough Council Member number that if she wanted access to the main sleeping chamber of the true Wolf King, no one would immediately question her especially if her name's changed."
What they don't know is that the True Wolf King Cannot die, but he can be beheaded, have his heart taken or something else. He is my grandmother's champion.
I also left out that Tyson would also likely be a target, seeing as how I KNOW his reign is unpopular before it even started. He doesn't allow corruption after all. 
Also, the King never gave his title away by being defeated yet as an heir to a general position in Hell, I don't know if Tyson, Grace or I are susceptible to a permanent death anyway. The Horned One wants us Here ....
Jacks claws tapped the wall as he leaned against it He had no issue killing Ace, which meant his loyalty was only for who he saw as his Alpha.
"Again sir, What do you want done about it?" He asked. Jack looked bored. He only cared about if I would send him to go 'fix' this or not.
".Alpha" Said Ace. His fear made my Gamma grin. 
Jack was stronger than Ace, yet oddly and rarely enough. He kneeled to him. Jack was the oldest wolf I scented at the party, and I could tell his wolf's eyes were a dull, non reflective red. 
I sighed. It relaxed them both. Rick also came in, peeking to see if he needed to plead Ace's case.
"You hid this because you feared I would take my anger out on you for your family's mistakes Ace, or that I would think that you conspire against the Crown with them." I said calmly. "You are innocent. But I Do need to Do Something. Talking to Tyson is out, it will reveal our location" I said thinking out loud.
I made sure to show I had No real emotion on it I didn't want Ace attacked for my sake. Jack was not as Stable of a wolf as I'd like, but he was loyal as they come. Once he vowed to keep his paws off pack, and to serve me, I knew he'd kill Ace if I asked. This is even though he knew Ace longer probably even considered him a friend
"So what can we do about it Alpha?" Asked Jack. "Send me, and I'll show them why I carry the title of the Slasher."
"No. This is likely something I'll have to do myself." I said realizing why grandfather came all the way from Hell to see me Nothing is ever simple with him. This was likely his test for me to handle
"Alpha, you Just announced yourself here as leader. Wolves will flock to this place to be pack. there's no official pack in this part of the state, not for Miles if you leave to serve that Ungrateful brother of yours, you could lose your mate" Ace said speaking his mind.
He wasn't Wrong either. Ace was Beta Strong, meaning there could be a stronger wolf out there 
Jack hid his potential. But I knew it was on par with me. Well on par so long as I didn't use my powers.
"Then what should I do with this information? If I call Tyson, he Will find the location of this place, and burn it to the ground. If I tell my uncle Xaxas will interfere for Tyson's sake, but fuck knows when he involves himself in anything, there are Piles of bodies to bury after." I mumbled.
Uncle Xaxas and father's involvement would doom the entire pack Uncle Asanguis, the Lord of Death would probably be Just as bad to call for aid
"Sir you don't have to worry about how I'll get there. I Will Discreetly. I already swore off killing just all willy-nilly." He said excitedly He wanted to be of use to me that was for sure, but I didn't want to risk it. 
"No." I said firmly.
"Let me Go I Swear I mean it, I SWEAR that I'll only bring your targets here, un-slashed." Promised Jack.
He cut his hand to oath in blood.
"You realize I am a demigod to swear to me so freely is still binding, much More so than a regular Alpha. Your soul already belongs to grandfather. I know you know that much. But as one of his general heirs, the punishment will be Greater than whatever is due to you at this moment."
"Sir my soul is fit only for the Pit. You probably see that." He chuckled.
I mean he wasn't Wrong.
"Most sinner's X on their soul is red to indicate they're a sinner yours is black. Go. Bring me all of Grisham blood, and the 14th Council Member too. Take whoever you think will do well with you I can literally already sense a challenger." I said scenting a male of Alpha strength on the wind.
"I know who that is," Said Jack. "That smells like Gilbert the lycanthrope."
"On your way out Jack, tell the guards to open the gate. Also tell them to send someone to show me their challenge location. This place may be run by goblins, but the carnal nature of all the shifters has to be met somehow." I said firmly.
Jack literally looked like a small child who'd been given bacon. He faded into the spirit world, like assassins do. That technique was not something normal wolves knew, but he scented to be at least . As old as an elder on the Royal Council., plenty of time to learn that on his own.
###chapter 23
Kaizen
The arena they had was small compared to anywhere I'd ever fought. 
The flickering florescent lights were dim, as if this place was not as maintained as other Red Rooms I'd seen like it. They had them at places where Alphas met. I would accompany Tyson, or come as a representative on OpalMoon's behalf, but nothing compared to the Circle of Challenge back home.
Usually, the pack would hold a large field maintained by the pack in the woods but here here was a community center. In the basement underneath, was a concrete room painted a dingy white. As a wolf, I could still smell so much old, painted over blood as if at one point this place was an illegal fight ring.
That wasn't impossible as many elite Rogues of all walks of life lived here in luxuryeven a few humans.
"I am here to challenge. I am Gilbert the Lycanthrope." He said ripping off his clothes, not yet shifting. There was a bloodthirsty look in his eyes as he glared at me. "I Have to."
In his mortal form, he was a proud, head shaven, dark skinned man that almost reminded me of the Second Seat, Lord Ronitus the Earthen One. However, he held no bastard children, and only one living son. He smelled at Most 80, but I knew John. Ronitus's son was mated to my aunt they only had the one son together and John was probably as noble as my brother He would have no bastard children
Yet Gilbert carried the similar earthy scent to him though There was a possibility that he could be a distant relative but that was not likely either. The Great War killed so many supernaturals that entire species were wiped out and entire bloodlines. As far as Anyone knew, even the Second Seat, Ronitus was the Last of his original pack. The only others who carry 'Earthen One', were his son John and his grandson Harry.
"I assume you want this fight to the death." I said sternly. I also took off my clothes and shifted, being the same height as him. They stood taller because they weren't on all 4's like a regular werewolf. 
Lycans were Rare as it is a recessive trait in werewolves. And they are loners.
Lycans generally don't, or rather Can't join packs they Can't control themselves around man's meat either They oftentimes lacked a human enough mortal form to blend in with the populus. Though at the same time, since they had no inner wolf, they often didn't fit in with other pack wolves Nor did they tend to heed the words of their Alphas.
They walked on two legs, and their arms were a little longer, so they galloped on all 4's kind of like a gorilla. This one was no different. He shifted, revealing a medium brown fur with a dark brown spotted pattern on his back like a hyena, though he had only a slightly fluffy bob tail. I didn't know if they weren't born without them sometimes, or if he lost half of it in a fight. It was just a small nub there, and it wagged in a nervous excitement that stopped. He raised it too high for my liking.
[As custom, I will not use my powers] I said proudly. 
[If you kill me, I thank you for the rest. If you defeat me, I will follow you.] He said charging me with brown eyes, the same incredibly rare wolf's eye color that Ronitus had
Fuck. 
He was like me He had no inner wolf. and it was a shame to kill so much potential. A wolf that when he grappled me with his lycan clawed hands, he was actually strong enough to resist the serrated bite of my fangs. He had to use all his might to do it, but he also Actually broke my skin.
That confirmed it. He Was of some noble bloodline. He bit me with all his might, and cracked my collarbone. I could hear the click, though I slashed him across his chest He winced in pain, but would not let go.
I had to half shift my paws to fingers to pry his mouth open, and with myself free, I did not hesitate to lunge at him with all my force, and break his arm with my headbutt. To remain fair, I would not release my horns. 
This was for honor after all
He shared no words with me He was as mindless as an animal This is what happens when grandmother blesses someone with strength in body, but not enough strength of mind to know who they are or what they're doing like how I killed my fellow packmates.
He was disoriented, as I used his pain and madness to get a hold of his neck, and I clamped down. He thrashed around, getting my side pretty good. Blood splattered across the dingy walls, but I used my strength, all of it since he writhed so much all I had to force submission.
He got me across the gut, and I shifted my arm to be human enough to hold my skin together but he screamed like a mixture of animal and man He left deep gashes in the ground that turned to sand, and a lot of dust was kicked up from his frantic attempt to escape. 
I should behead him here and now though I held him still. I didn't know if that was the Right answer. I didn't know if grandmother sent me this man to add to my ranks or to test my resolve in my conviction to repent
"What the Tootie-fruity fuck." Said one of the pack wolves who watched I hadn't noticed the crowd until now 
They could not believe the intense Hatred he held the strength it took to hold him down. His thrashing made my arm bone crack, then flex. Then break.I had to switch hands. But I held him still 
On my honor, I would not heal. I would not mend anything so long as we were engaged in fair combat. If I let go, he would slash his way out of here and run away.
As only the wolf, I knew that was what he was thinking as only his instincts right now
"Kill him!" Someone Shouted. I didn't know who, but it wasn't Ace or Jack. I know he was already gone by now.
Why hadn't I killed him? I had him by the throat, while my good paw held him down. He may not be affected by me as much as a normal wolf, but I still had the upper hand. All I'd have to do is adjust myself and slice his veins. The left arm was numb. It was a really bad break too; I could tell it was close to the shoulder. It was limp now, holding no feeling to it.
I could feel my innards try to escape
Weakness
The Lycan passed out with a submissive whineIt was one that acknowledged me as Alpha but he bled slowly on the floor 
"I decided for now not to kill him." I said shifting to a mortal form again. I scooped a palmful of my blood, and put it in his mouth I would make him my pack whether he wanted it or not. "Put him in a holding cell and let me know when he wakes up." I said walking to the exit stairs, and supernaturals parted way for me.
I shouldn't have Made him pack like that, but by my blood, he would obey.
There were looks of fear and distrust as my horns were out now and the glow around me told me the small candle's flame between them showed who I was. I healed as I walked it Hurt fuck did it hurt, but I used my powers so I could still be of use.
It made me starving I went from powering All the way down, to the point of being able to be harmed by mortals, to using my inner strength to heal myself 
Damnit.
I lost a bit of blood, and my liver hurt, but I would be fine come sundown I was a child of the Night and tonight was supposed to be moonless. A fresh kill would fix my hunger.
Those who saw the fight heard the pops and clicks of healing They saw how straight I walked as if my arm wasn't dangling only moments ago
Had he come here a few days sooner... all those people would have been attacked and their homes displaced. 
Those dragon guards at the gate would not be able to stop a Lycan With Royal Blood. And when this one shifts, he has no awareness of who he is anymore it's Why lycanthropes are so rare other than the recessive genetics. 
It may be about the same odds as a blue lobster.  But that Wild Mindlessness the madness when you taste blood, or first shift the True nature of only the wolf I'm surprised the Church had not caught him yet but being of royal blood made him likely unable to be contained by a regular priest.
I think I saw myself in him. Maybe that's why I did it but my blood was like fathers those who drink it become mine. I'd never tried that on purpose but I knew. It was just an instinctual thing something I didn't have to think about and knew how to do without training.
Though Now, since I made Gilbert mine he would die too should I be beheaded.
So I'd made another enemy but what sucks is that Ronitus is old as Grandfather, being the Royal Beta as well as the Second council Seat He was probably the only one fighting for me in the castle His son is mated to my Aunt Heidi, the half witch. I would make bad blood with him and grandpa no not 'would' have.
I Have made bad blood.
Another wrong, but the lesser of two evils, since there are So Few of Ron's kind.. Letting him live. Letting him live as a follower of a Horned Wolf it would break Ron's heart, but I know he would be overjoyed to see a fellow family member.
###chapter 24
Kaizen
I was pretty tired, but I really did need to make sure a wolf like him was under my control. There was no way I'd just assume he was alright with the mate I have. Lycans are NOT like normal werewolves since they too have no inner wolf, the Crave affects them differently.
With wolves, they can at least attempt to fight the urge Lycanthropes Seek out human flesh. They are often cast out of packs, as they really do attract the Church and Hunters by their appetites, unruly, disobedience, and worst of all, their Alpha Strength.
They are sometimes called bulls because they are so stubborn, rude, and think differently. They don't have a pack mentality They prefer being loners.
I invited the Worst possible candidate into this pack, but I didn't want to kill him, so I should stop complaining.
I walked to the Homeowner's Association, and right at the door, was a half angel. Those were so rare I only knew of Just two, a pair of twins who monitor my Uncle Xaxas's palace island for him.
If there were more, I wouldn't know, but by his badge he was likely the one in charge of security.
"Are you the Idiot who let this mongrel in?!" He shouted.
They have no fear, being made from the Sun God, the Lord of Light. They were the protectors of man, and now that there was a 'man' here in the form of my mate, I Knew anything I said would only make more yelling.
He was about the same height as me, with curly blonde hair that literally glowed. It was pulled into a warrior's manbun, so I could guess it was pretty long. Universally, long hair indicated strength. I could also assume the saturated color of his wings also indicated he was the child of a high ranking angel.
He also held wings of black that reflected blue. That was the indication that he was half. True angels only had vibrant, light colors. They also had a full glow, not just the hair and eyes. He had golden honey eyes and skin like mine. He wasn't a demigod, but angels are my opposite. A Real fight with him would be one Actually to the death.
He had on sterling silver armor with the stomp of his foot, and I could only assume his longsword may have been the same. As a wolf. Silver stops healing, and attacks the cells in our bodies In the blood, it can turn a healthy person into nearly an Omega, as too much can also prevent the shift in those who have the double faceted soul.
All supernaturals had Some aversion to it, but that didn't scare me. So long as the Lord of Light didn't mark him as grandfather did me, I should be fine. That didn't mean I'd be a dick though.
"I will not argue with you. I Am an Idiot." I said putting my head to my temples. "And on top of it, all the supernaturals that have a culture similar to werewolves kneeled to me this morning, giving oaths in blood."
He looked pretty shocked that I wasn't belligerent. 
"I heard." He took his hand off the pommel of his sword He came and shook my wristbut I did get a little burned. ". Child of the Horned One. Please tell me you protect this world." He said seriously.
"So long as I am not commanded, I am not. Plus, grandfather promised grandma he wouldn't smite this world so long as their blood lives on it." I smirked.
He let a small smile crease his perfect face.
"I am Sentinel, Servant of Arviel, Son of General Tamriel of the Raven Wing and Vivian Lancaster." He said seriously. "I was made to protect this quadrant with my father."
"Oh? I am Kaizen, son of Birrai'shivaal God of Retribution, and Third Wolf's Seat Isabelle, the Charred One, the Risen One." I said seeing him look surprised.
"I have your file I didn't believe the Royal family would hunt one of their own, but you did kill over 25 of your own men." He said scratching his chin.
I blinked twice. I killed 5 *Units*not 5 wolves I didn't even remember their faces.
I did not remember beyond the unit that ran with me. Yet those nameless hurt just as bad.
I stole the lives of multiple families mates were not to be in the same unit so  The pack back home mourned
That really wasn't my home anymore I could NEVER go back I could never have the heart to look them in the eyes and tell them 'sorry' for stealing half their souls.
"I assume by that look, you let your inner instinct get the better of you." 
"I did for my mortal mate's sake." I said as a warning.
He nodded. "Come with me. The prisoner is up and should he prove he's safe, I'll put him into your custody. To be honest I only came down here because my mother lives here. She's a vampire now, along with all the humans in this neighborhood but before the Night stole her from me, she was a good woman. She still is" He said leading me to the basement.
Inside, you'd never think such a generic place had such an old, dark, but dry cellar. No one was down there, but I knew why. There was a Solid Sterling Silver Ring with chains, and dry ash underneath. It was positioned in a way that all the silver barred cells would see they were next.
 The Church was Brutal to those who broke the law, but to be fair they had to be someone like him could kill a mortal with just his grip For him to have been 'created' I knew Sentinel was at least as old as the Goblin Crown Prince, Wix. 
He Hid that he was the standing Goblin King. Likely because he knew I would have Left. I don't want anymore trouble but I didn't get something either.
. Why are all these unknown old lines and men coming to ME? It's like the Less I want the More I receive but now that an angel was here, even though he was half, another worry was added.
He came here personally to deal with this because I might have alerted Arviel, the Lord of Light, that a literal child of the Lord of Night is making minions. Now that I was on his radar there may come a time where I have to explain my situation to the Sun God
-----Willow-----
I knew I was dreaming. There was no way I wasn't. I shed tears as I watched my funeral. 
"It's ok Art." Said my uncle to my dad. "It'll be ok."
"She Died on Her Birthday Clarence!" Yelled my mom, being held by dad. "Don't Tell Me It's Going to Be OK! IT'S NOT!" She screamed. "My baby didn't Drink!" 
"I know dear there had to be some kind of mistake."
Across from them was a man in almost black robes though in the light of the sun, I could tell it was blue.
. His scythe said Asanguis. And the hair on the back of my neck stood up.
"Don't run." The Grim Reaper commanded, and when I blinked, I fell over. I tripped on my fear, as he was Right in front of me.
He had to have been 9 feet tall His robe was pristine, but the face under the hood was not a scull like I saw in depictions of him it was young and angelic His blue hair peeked through his hood, since it was so long, I think it went to his belly button
"I'm not dead!" I yelled scooting away from him, and he laughed a hearty boom.
"I know. I wanted to see the scrawny woman that held me up for supper." He hissed like a snake with every 's'. He kneeled to my eye level, peering into my eyes. judging my soul. "That is not my job, I merely am a bit curious why you're human."
I was still on the ground, but the hooded blue haired man his serpentine eyes were Cold.
He extended a long clawed hand to take. And I gently took it. There was no resistance I was unable to deny his nonverbal request.
"Please don't take me, I'm alive I promise." I mumbled, looking at my casket being lowered into the ground
This Couldn't have all been a crazy dream I had while dying.
Maybe I did die Maybe I killed us in that car crash maybe-
". *Maybe* you should say goodbye to your friends." He pointed with his free hand. He gently walked me to them They were bloody and mangled. 
I ran to hug them anyway. "I'm sorry!" I screamed, shedding tears, but Drew laughed.
"We don't feel any of this." Said Amanda.
"Plus the trip was OUR idea not yours." Said Drew
"Or the woods part. that was our idea too so" Said Amanda, hugging me tight.
We shared that moment and I saw their graves were next to mine. But this would be the last time I saw them.
Their chests held golden rings mine held the symbol of the Horned One when we parted from our hug.
"Holy shit." Said Drew.
"There's a mistake." Said Amanda. "She literally taught Sunday school for Fun. What did you do? You weren't a serial killer or something right?" Said Amanda as a joke, but tears streamed down her face.
I had no words I don't think I'd ever been more afraid.
"She is married to my nephew, to say it in mortal terms. Father, should she die, will house her in his palace, or I, mine. As Death, I too have a pleasant place for the damned. She is safe with us, multiple gods favor her, and would Never allow harm to our blood." He said still hissing his words.
"So this is it then." Said Drew.
"Aye mortal. I do this favor of my own accord, because I see the lives of every soul I ferry." He said putting his hand on the top of my head. "And to those I touch. You three were as close as blood kin. I allowed you two to rest a few days before collecting you. Your families all mourn, but if they didn't, I would probably be throwing you lot into Hell." He joked.
We hugged one more time. I felt peace Their rings on their chests glowed, feeling like the sun on a chilly day I could smell the grass and  purity from the light it made me tear up.
Where they were headed, I traded away I would never see them, nor any other good member of my friends and family again. But I still, even knowing that. feeling this I still did not regret my decision.
How strong was this bond, that even the touch of Haven's Light did not make me yearn to be there if Kaizen couldn't?
###chapter 25
Willow
I gasped awake in my husband's arms The sun was out and an alarm clock by the bed said 7am. I took a shower and when I got out, I realized I was out of shirts.
I put on Kaizen's, a powder blue one, and black leggings. He snored like a baby. I left him to it. Everyone downstairs, both old and new faces, were chatting happily. 
"I've I've never been invited into a home before." Said someone who sounded. Wild. "Don't get me wrong I know Of technology, I just never used it."
His gruff growly voice told me that he was probably a werewolf.
"How'd you get on this continent if you're from Africa? I've never heard of lycans being able to stand being around people" Asked someone I didn't recognize. I got to the bottom of the stairs, and everyone waved, except the man who was speaking.
"I stowed away on a cargo ship with my mother I lost control. I tried so hard too. I ate the crew, and later jumped out and swam to shore before more humans came. I believe that area's called Bostyn now." He said casually.
"But why of all names, Gilbert?" asked Rick.
"Because Gillitus is too strange."
"It is. How old are you?" Asked Ace. "You don't scent as old as that name."
"I'm 84, though my mother had been around since the war.A shame she was killed  on the ship...." He said stoically. That must have been a sore spot. "I am the last of my bloodline. Father was killed before we left, and mother as just a regular wolf. She stood no chance against the superstitious crew. One of them had silver bullets. To be fair if they wouldn't' have hurt her, I might have stayed myself."
"Maybe here you can find new family" I said interrupting, but he didn't seem to mind. He took deep sniffs, and growled.
"Kind words from . My Luna." He said, kneeling on one knee. "I came to this village because I thought no humans would be here. But with a supernatural mark on you my instincts do not fire." He said standing tall. "I believe the other 'humans' I scent are vampires."
He had to be as tall as Kaizen's 'short' form but to be fair, all shapeshifters had enormous frames Other supernaturals too if I was being honest.
"Hey, no growling at Luna." Said Ace. "Alpha made Me Beta, because you, nor Jack would be able to handle it." 
"Forgive me." He bowed to his waist.
"No it's fine." I smiled. "I'll make pancakes and bacon. My treat." I offered.
They all looked like I offered them gold bricks, but Valery, one of the women who came with us protested.
"No Luna. We are much too low. Let us make You a meal." She smiled.
"I Want to do this this place almost reminds me of a Way bigger version of my old home I figure if I can never be with my family again I can also make new ones." I said going to the gas stove. I turned it on, and pulled out the bacon I saw yesterday, and some eggs.
"There's an old cast iron waffle maker." Offered Ace. He rummaged around and Rick got dough.
"I will stand watch." Said Gilbert. He seemed so serious.
"It's safe here." Said Ace.
"is it?" He asked suspiciously.
"You don't have to run anymore Gilbert." I said over my shoulder
He stood there as if he didn't believe those words He looked at me as if there was a condition, or 'but' to that statement. 
"Then is there something else I could do?" Gilbert asked.
"You could come with me to the store." Said one of the female werewolves. I didn't know her name, but I knew she rode in the bus with Ace. They wound up donating it to the local school here, even though they didn't need it.
"Alright." he said leaving with her.
"You think Harley's shooting her shot?" Asked Rick.
"I mean after last night's fight, Yeah." Ace snickered.
"Fight?" I asked.
"Alpha put him in his place, but more importantly, he drank his blood. His majesty owns him." Said Ace.
"He What?" I asked yelling a bit.
"It's why he's probably so tired. He didn't use his powers, but fuck did fur fly." Said Rick. "I can't believe both of them are healed and walking around."
"Hey can you man the bacon station?" I asked Valery.
"Of Course Luna." She ran walked over while I went upstairs.
This was the magic he warned me of but I almost wondered did he do that to me too?
No, that couldn't be right. I didn't drink any blood, I can't even scratch him. And he only bit me.
In our room, Kaizen was snoring with his mouth open. His horns, fangs, and claws were out as he snored. He even dangled off the bedbecause he was his 'full' size. 
Anyone else would be intimidated, but I wanted to get him up to ask him about all this. He also looked like he was sweating a lot
I put my hand on his forehead He was burning up. He was always hot, but I didn't know if he could get sick. I pet him between his horns. He was asleep on his back, with his head propped up on multiple pillows. He was also in just sweats and some black socks
I leaned in and kissed him on the forehead. He looked so peaceful, yet he looked so flush.
"Rah!" he yelled in my face without growling but it still scared me!
"AH! Kaizen you Dick!" I screamed slapping his chest, but he picked me up, and put me on his lap while he laid there.  He was hard.
"Morning." He mumbled.
"Put me down Right now!" I yelled flustered.
He growled "No." He said squeezing my butt I could feel his claws flexing as he did so.
A Normal person might have been afraid of this but it was kinda hot
"I'll. I'll kick your ass." I warned.
"Hmm go ahead." He chuckled sitting up.  He kissed me on the forehead. "I'm alright little mate of mine. Thank you for worrying about me." 
"I don't see how I wouldn't. I heard you gave a werewolf your blood to drink." I said leaving out the other part of it. That I worried a Little bit that he'd done the same to me
"Yes. He is bound to me now. It means that he won't be able to disobey. He's not a regular werewolf, he's a lycan. He walks on two legs when he shifts, kind of like the wolves you see in the movies. I did it because lycans oftentimes cannot control themselves, and I Cannot have the only reason I'm doing all this in the first place get hurt." He said responding to both parts of the question.
"Alright come have breakfast." I said but he bucked under me. It sent a shockwave of lust with it.
"We will return to this position later." He said sitting on the edge of the bed, taking me with him.
I wrapped my legs around his waist, and he kissed me passionately. It was demanding. He took charge of that kiss he grinded himself against me, and I could feel his cock poke me thankfully our clothes were in between us.
I moaned when he stopped kissing me, only to lick my mark. I gasped.
"I know you want more." He said huskily. It was times like this, that I remembered he was a Prince
"I do" I mumbled. I bit my lip, rhythmically mimicking my husband's motions. His cock throbbed with want and the friction made me horny even through our clothes.
"Boss we got a situation down here!" Yelled Ace.
"Oh for Fuck's Sake!" He yelled. He grunted, kissing me gently. "Please stay up here." He said pressing his forehead to mine. "I will return."
"Alpha Kaizen, Keep your Dog on a better leash!" Screamed someone. It sounded like they were male.
"Lord Kaizen let me kill him!" Growled Gilbert. "You want a Dog? *I'll* show you a fucking Dog!"
The man screamed.
"Put him down!" He yelled.
"I'm going down too." I mumbled.
We both went to see thankfully no blood, but Gilbert did have a man with elf ears by the throat. On seeing me, he bowed, and growled while he did it. It made the other wolves growl as well. 
"Enough." Said Kaizen. "Elf or not, whatever he said, I made them pack too." 
"Thank you, your highness." Said the elf rubbing his red neck when he was released Gilbert could probably pop his head off..
"Keep your Mouth to yourself Eugene. I won't save you again." Said my husband with crossed arms. "No one put their hands on anyone for Words. I think we should all have more self-control than that, supernatural or Not."
"Yes Alpha." Said many of them with a little anger I wonder what Did Eugene say but I could probably guess. 
It was likely either about Kaizen, or me. Likely me to be fair. The way he looked at me was similar to the way the other elves looked at the Elvish village. It wouldn't be surprising, nor anything new. Since I'm human, I feel like I'd see more from those who were nobles.
"Non shifters, like magic casters, often think little of us." Said Kaizen, sitting on the couch. One of the children, like a 3 or 4 year old little girl jumped into his lap and he put it on cartoons. 
"Up-up!" She shouted. Her hair was as silver as a coin. She had no fear of my mate all smiles and excited bouncing.
"Alright little one." 
"Sorry Alpha!" Yelled a woman who was on Ace's bus, but Kaizen shook his head. She was coming to get her kid, but he didn't care.
"Eh, y'all go ahead and cook. I used to have pup duty all the time." He said casually. "And I won't share what he said. Swear words shouldn't be said around pups this small, but I doubt he'll say it again." He grumbled.
He was swarmed by more Very small children, since the show was My Littlest Horsey. They giggled and sat around him, on him, and at his feet. It was really cute. I wouldn't expect a demon prince to like kids.
"It is no secret that when I die, I will be a general of Hell, but little mate, you'll see eventually that not all who serve the Dark One are as dark as we're made out to be." He chuckled. "Hey no biting!" He said being chomped on by a small kid, one who was originally crawling. They couldn't hurt him, but he chastised anyway.
His mind reading was probably the only way that he knew his name too now that I thought of it, but afterwards it did calm down. Everyone who didn't help me went to restock supplies. I knew Kaizen couldn't have grease, so I found beef in the fridge, and made the biggest slab of it, so he wouldn't be hungry.
###chapter 26
Willow
Two weeks of peace it was nice. 
I was in our bedroom while Kaizen was running around as his wolf out there. He said something about protecting the territory, but it reminded me of real wolves
I got to know many of the werewolves here too, since many of the men sparred to adjust who was in charge of who. It seemed that in their ranks, no one wanted to be at the bottom, yet, any who couldn't shift automatically were.
They had delivery cars for any Omega who wanted to risk the human world to pick up deliveries for the gated community, The trade off for the risk, was that even the poor werewolves that came with us, could afford their own things. Kaizen reserved space for people who couldn't afford an apartment here, but for any who still wanted to make money, they had options.
I was currently scrolling on my phone, reading the supernatural internet. Like they had their own WeTube, Dash to your Door, Arrozon, Eboy, and even Etsi. Like I could buy anything from man jerky to magic spellbooks. Watch tutorials on how to bleed and butcher your own human, to how to negotiate with goblins.
It bothered me how Easy it was for humans to be bought and sold being 'cattle'.. Buying, then locally picking up a 'blood slave' with the click of a button gave me a chill.
It made me feel watched.
I swear I could also smell electricity? I looked around to see if any sockets in the wall were messing up.
"Get off the internet." Said Kaizen behind me, and I jumped nearly out my skin.
"I'm putting bells on you!" I yelled.
He laughed. He was completely naked.
"Clothes don't shift with me." He said simply. "Stare all you like." 
He wiggled his hips and I got up and pushed him toward the open window.
"Leave." I commanded on deaf ears. He wouldn't budge, but he did pick me up, letting my legs dangle while he kissed me on the lips.
He smiled as he did so, taking my breath away It felt like I was enveloped by tingles and it took away any anger I had at being scared on purpose.
"I order beef now that I'm able too." He said kissing me on the forehead. "Plus did you ever consider that Maybe it isn't a good idea to, you know, Looking up stuff like this if you know will summon me since you're freaking out?" He asked shaking his head.
"I summoned you?" I said a little sheepishly.
". You didn't see the red lightning streak across the sky?" He asked with a raised brow.
".no." I said unable to meet his gaze.
"Oh my gods" He facepalmed. "I'm almost done. There was never an Alpha here, and the surrounding forest is fucking ridiculously huge and filled with Rouges of all kinds who don't want to join the pack; just make trouble." He said leaving the way he came as red lightning out the window.
"Ok that was kinda cool" I mumbled, taking heed to his words.
I almost felt like a little childish kid If they eat people, of Course there's going to be ways to obtain it.
Downstairs it seemed like Jack was back, but for him not to be speaking with Kaizen meant that he must have already.
"Good Morning." He beamed.
"Morning." I said seeing him damn near glide across the floor. He walked but I swear there was almost a blur over him.
There was something just Wrong with Jack that I didn't like, but I would be cordial.
"Your Fear smells absolutely deli-" He was cut off by my mate bopping him on the head with a rolled-up newspaper.
How he got the newspaper or how he got in here without being lightning was beyond me.
"For Fuck's Sake. If you're going to be weird, come be weird with me." He complained. His stomach growled. "Damnit."
"Sorry sir." Said Jack.
"No don't be sorry, be smarter." He grumbled. "You can help me secure the border." He said walking out the door with him.
"OOO Can I-" he was cut off again.
"No." Kaizen said a little fed up.
"Sorry!" I yelled as they left out the door. My fear made him use more of his powers and he did look honestly tired from it
"Don't be sorry for something natural baby." He said shaking his head, stopping to turn around to embrace me. He kissed me gently on the forehead. "Can you go buy me some more clothes?" He asked nicely.
"Aright." I smiled. To be fair, I still hadn't gotten around to buying stuff for myself either. 
I was put down, and while they were gone, I got my purse upstairs, then I left too. It was nice outside, hoodie weather.
The sun was out, and the people were friendly. I waved, and I believe Kaizen must have sent an escort, because the man who came up to me damn near radiated an off-ness to him 
"I've been meaning to talk to you." Said the large man he seemed almost on par with Kaizen. I knew that with supernatural shifters and such, the bigger someone was, the more important they were. Since he was a similar height, I assumed he was likely a security guard of the community.
"Really?" I asked.
"Oh yes, you peak Quite the interest of my master little one. I am General Tamriel. You must be willow." He said shaking my wrist. This man looked so fit, he could rip out his officer's uniform by flexing, but oddly enough he felt. Almost like I'd known him my whole life. Like I could trust him
He wrist shake firm, but it felt peaceful. Like I was talking to an angel. He had shimmering golden hair, with golden yellow eyes and well... golden skin too. He looked to be everything Jack wasn't
His smile was trustworthy too he practically glowed. Not literally, but if he did I wouldn't be surprised.
-----Kaizen-----
The Rogue had nowhere to go since I grew Tired of chasing him.
I snatched him by the throat. He'd made me so fucking mad I figured out how to teleport, using less energy than I did when I got Jack.
I put my hand on the top of the mortal's head, and crushed it with my grip. "You have been given Mercy." I said looking down at the body. Fucking Trash. In my anger I struck it with lightning. I didn't care it was a waste of my power. Scum like that deserve worse than what I'd done, send him Straight to Hell.
"Master," Said Jack. He feared my power. "I mean Alpha." He mumbled.
I dragged the Rogue's body behind me. I was glad I didn't explode it, but it stunk now of minotaur, burnt meat, and electricity. I saw what it'd done, being a mindless beast, so his actions weren't his fault but it didn't make me less angry.
I wouldn't tell Willow that this damn Rogue had killed one of the women that came with us, Harley.
The beast preferred the taste of the weak, and prayed on them. He'll be a good soldier Below, maybe put on the Layer of Aggressionit was ran by Rah'esh'Kraa'Hraa-Zaimaan, a great badger demon, who was so easily angered, that his name made him mad since it took so long to say, and every 'r' had to be rolled, and ever 's' had to be hissed.
"Alpha that was the last of them." Pointed Jack.
Oh they Ran.
They saw what I did to the biggest one, but I would check to see if the others were mindless beasts too.
They screamed, and if they spoke, I let them run away. If they had no thoughts, or were like cattle, they would be treated as such. All in total, I slayed about 12 of their kind.
"I will allow you lot to graze here, since I know you who still breathe have a mind enough to understand me." I snarled.
It echoed off the trees.
Good.
I would not allow riffraff to ruin the peace I had here though something told me that it would not last not forever. 
Why did I think that?
I sensed that Willow went to bed. So much for the clothes. 
I took the bodies and put them in a big pile. With my powers I created them one by one. It only took about an hour or so. The ashes scattered in the forest, and there was a silent stillness I'd created the birds were afraid of my snarls hunting would not be good today either, as they were spooked. They likely would be the rest of the day. I looked at the sky it was clear and the chill didn't affect my naked body.
"Let's go." I said shifting into my true form, running slow so Jack could keep up. Ace, Rick, Yuka and a few others joined. It turned into a spontaneous pack run.
[Luna would have loved this.] Said Ace.
[She's asleep.] I complained.
[No I saw her with a guy that looked like Sentinel.] Said Yuka. [I don't know what kind of creature he is, but he and his friends freak me out.]
[Sentinel is a half angel but his father is a full one.] I said making a B-line for the security scenter. I doubt he'd be at our small packhouse
That his father was here meant I was right. I really had gotten Arviel's attention. I put my mate in Real Danger. 
Fuck.
###chapter 27
Willow
"I was actually running an errand. Would you mind coming along?" I asked.
He looked at me as if I had some kind of trick up my sleeve. 
"If you Must." Tamriel said with an annoyed huff.
I didn't know the way to the clothing store, but he did.
"So tell me, how long have you known the Horned Wolf?" He asked firmly. There was no negotiation he expected an answer.
"A few weeks. We got married before we moved in." I said truthfully it hadn't been that long any other 'normal' person would have shaken me and asked me was I crazy for eloping with essentially my fated captor And here I was about to buy said captor clothes.
The clothing store was right in front of us. We'd gotten here so fast since we were housed kind of close to one of the shopping districts. This place was all about convenience.
He nodded. "Have you met my son yet?" He asked, opening the door for me.
"Thank you and no." I said seeing all the stuff in here. It was kind of like a general store, minus the food.
They bowed to us, but honestly, I assumed the elves who ran this shop did that because of Mr. Tamriel. He wore a blade at his hip and had on a security uniform
I just grabbed 4 of the largest shirts and sweats they had, random colors, and some tshirts and leggings for myself I spent about $200 for Just simple clothes. They weren't even named brand. I should have just used Arrowzon!
"Let me get those." Said Tamriel, holding my things.
"Thank you." I said a little sheepishly.
"Come with me to the station. I feel like we could talk more privately there." He said thinking out loud.
"I don't mind. It isn't far is it?" I asked.
"No mortal." He said opening the door for me again.
We walked in silence, but I had questions too."
" so, what brought you here?" I asked politely.
"I don't even fucking know." He grumbled, like he didn't want to be here. "I guess to start, my wife was human. I begged for her to bring her before the master, and he refused. He said if I'd waited, and let her die naturally, I could have had her but she was turned to a vampire." He sighed angrily. "It's my fault. During the War, everyone was out to get everyone else having a human wife was a weakness that got exploited Just like master warned me about."
"That sounds terrible." I mumbled but I was already marked for there so was Kaizen. 
"I originally came to see my wife, but no, I'm here for Business." He complained. "The only good thing that came of this, is that she can't get pregnant anymore." Tamriel said this as a joke.
We'd made it to the security station. It was a plain square brick building. It kind of stuck out compared to the fancy houses and enormous mansions.
They bowed to him when he walked through the door and I was instructed to sit in a chair. This looked like an interrogation room, but I was given coffee and cookies. The room looked like an interrogation room. There was a large 2 way mirror in there, along with a simple 2 chair and table set up.
"Alright. I wanted to talk to you about the threat of your mate." He said sitting across from me.
"Kaizen said he would be Alpha of this place. He isn't going to mess it up or anything. 
"I know that, however as a fugitive so wanted, I worry he will bring war to my territory Now he's also brought captives from a rival or whatever via that *Troublemaker* Jack the Slasher." He said firmly. "My wife and son live here."
"My mate wouldn't do that it would be King Tyson as the aggressor. It's all I've heard about." I said eating a cookie that was offered oatmeal raisin with a hot cocoa latte like  I was confused about if I was in trouble somehow or not.
"I know it's why I have you. If this was the old times little one, I'd have you on a pike high in the air for him to see. I wouldn't have Allowed a threat to be so close." He said deathly serious. "But with modern times, come modern solutions."
I wasn't afraid. But I Should be.
"What do you mean by that." I demanded shyly. I'd trusted him so easily because of the passive peace he made me feel. I was an Idiot.
"No, you're human." He said firmly. "I'm not going to hurt you, but I Do need to test something." He said stomping his feet, and he became encased in silver armor that shined so brightly, it hurt my eyes.
". Are you trying to make Kaizen the way he was?' I asked referring to the night he saved me. "To a mindless state? That's Terrible!"
"I do His Work. Too many of my master's followers live here to let a threat attract more threats, and to have him walk freely if he is only a mindless Dog." He said angrily.
"Lies!" I yelled. "No Lord of Light would order you to provoke him like that on purpose!" I yelled standing up but I couldn't rouse my own anger. I said it like I was anyway though.
He laughed. "Oh mortals. What the master Didn't do to his enemies for Your sakes.. and you throw it away." He sneered.
"I didn't throw anything away!" I shouted. "I chose to be happy, and have true love. The connection of soulmates is unlike anything I've ever experienced. It's something you can't even put a value on" I said this honestly, because I couldn't. I couldn't see my world without him in it. 
And I wouldn't have him bad mouth Kaizen. He literally did everything he could to make me happy. And so far, everyone was safe.
"You're Blinded. You forget he is a general  of Hell walking this earth in flesh. You don't realize the True destructive powers of a man too young to control his powers You think a few dozen of his own kin is bad? Try Billions, like his uncle and his One-Sided 'War'." He growled, though it wasn't like an animal or anything. "Try looking at the devastation of entire cities without vomiting from the rot. To ferry countless multifils until your wings are too tired to flap. To see the rest to see Good people people meant for Haven sent to HELL through no fault of their own!"
I was quiet I had the luxury to read about a few fables and storiesa lot of this stuff I either knew partially if at all.. "But Kaizen isn't his uncle. He wouldn't do that! He literally is beating himself up everyday for what he's done."
"The Completion of that goal and the Intention of it are two different things. So long as he cannot control himself, I Refuse to allow him to endanger all the souls here." He said with crossed arms. "I will not make another mistake of trusting a Child of Darkness."
He sounded like he was referring to his wife "Kaizen isn't a vampire and I know how heartless they are" 
"You only know but a page. There's Volumes of Evil those people do. And I sent one of mine to research who Jack brought alive." He growled. "You're here because I want you safe when I speak with him. A fight would likely level the town, so I want no part in that. I won't let you be killed either." He said getting up and leaving out.
I had to think fast.
"Do you swear on your blood that you won't fight Kaizen?" I asked firmly. "I don't know a lot about supernatural peoples. But I Do know of all things, oath breaking means something."
"It's more than Something a man is only as good as his word.. and oath breaking sends you to hell. So I will vow on my blood. So long as he doesn't swing at me first, I won't draw my blade." He said leaving. "But I'm serious, don't leave here. He won't be in his right mind, and may accidently hurt you."
He locked me inside the interrogation room with soda, sandwiches, and more snacks but I didn't want any of it I was too nervous for my mate's sake at the moment. Time went slowly. He said he was protecting me, but it was his fault.
Kaizen can become lightning and use fire, but he never did it around me unless he was sure I'd be fine But with me in here, the only thing Tamriel is going to do is provoke Kaizen. I hope he has the self control not to start killing. As it is I don't think I want to live here anymore, but I won't say anything for the other's sakes. Their lives are important too.
None of them have anywhere to go, and this is likely the safest place they Could be.
"Just hang tight Luna." Said someone on the intercom. "Lord Tamriel is a dick, but he's ran this place since before most of us were born He blames himself for all the humans being turned. He just wants to make SURE that his highness isn't here to make trouble."
"He will if he think's I'm in danger." I grumbled.
This was dumb he should have tried talking to him Before doing all this But I could see his side too. He was made by the Lord of Light, tasked with protecting humans. The lord made mankind.and he Failed. 
Not only did he fail the first time, he also lost his wife in a way. With his wife a vampire, the only time he'll ever see her is so long as she's alive here once she dies, she's going to Tarteron, because she is a creature of the night.
###chapter 28
Kaizen
The only thing that raced in my head as I shot through the sky was could I take an angel
Could I hold myself up to one who is probably older than the War? One who wore silver armor and held a solid silver sword.
What the Fuck do I do?
No one could keep up with me, since I was red lightning. It uses a lot of energy I didn't have. But for her I pushed myself. I made a mistake staying here, dropping my guard This place did feel like a pack, and with my mate, I would have made this place a home. I feel like I can't now.
I feel like no matter how much loyalty and love there was from my wolves, everyone else wanted my hide in one way or another.
I marched into the security station, and he was already in his armor. This place was a generic county jail on the inside.
"What did you Do to my Mate?" I snarled.
"Nothing, not even a spell." He said in full armor.
There was no question if I could take him. The answer was 'no' without armor. I had a bow I could summon to keep a distance, but he would likely stay in my face during combat so he could slash me with Light blessed silver.
"Why do you do all This?" I demanded.
"For you to share words, it seems I might have been wrong." He mumbled. "Forgive me. You act suspiciously. You share your blood and make yourself Two minions upon getting here the amount you need to open a portal to Hell." 
"Why the Fuck would I do that?!" I screamed at the top of my lungs. 
". How the Fuck Should I Know Demon?!" He yelled back. "The last time I allowed someone as strong as you live here, all the mortals were turned to vampires, and my house was burned down." He grumbled.
"Maybe ASK! Jack and Gilbert needed to be bound. They vow loyalty in blood, but My blood keeps them from their true nature without my say. You'd know that if you would have texted me." I said marching past him, but he stopped me from opening the door to my mate. "Move."
"No." he said firmly. It made me see red.
"Well I'm Not whoever it was that pissed you off. Release my mate." I snarled. "You Break the Law. Mates are not to be in the affairs of the divine." I said feeling my flame flicker. My uncle ruled away mates being taken after the Moon Goddess was freed. He didn't want his mother to ever go through that again, nor anyone else.
"True, but I'm not divine enough to count. You Are though, so I made sure to just have her on the other side of a mortal door. Nothing supernatural, nothing dangerous there's pie too. Humans like sweets." He said briefly looking at the door.
"Release her." I demanded with every ounce of control I had.
"Again No; her safety is still in question." He motioned me. "I can't rightly let you run to her still popping with enough electricity to blow the power out of the neighborhood. If you touch her, you'll kill her."
He was right.
"You made me this way I was wrapping up culling the mindless minotaur, something YOU as Security should be doing. you know how many bodies I had to burn how many innocent lives were lost out there? I counted at least 15." I said pushing past him and ripping the door off its hinges 
"I protect all Within the walls. I'm contracted to protect that and that Only." He said a little upset.
I didn't care about his excuse. My mate was being held.
She looked at me innocently with a sandwich in her mouth The room was soundproof. Her blank expression told me that.
She got up and came to hug me, but I stepped back before she could. "Hold on." I said showing her my sparking hands. She skidded to a stop. Tamriel was right. I closed my eyes, and walked to her, and I hugged her gently.
"Are you hurt?" She asked, thinking that we'd fought. 
"No; we decided not to." I said shooting him a glare. 
"I've seen all I need to." He said vanishing.
The dick. 
"Kaizen. What did he have in that folder?" Asked Willow. Shit.
"I won't lie to you, it's bad." I mumbled. "Jack ran an errand for me He brought the last of the House of Finnand Here. I need to interrogate them." I motioned her to come with me.
Was it a bad idea? Fuck yes it was, but I couldn't find myself sending her away. Not after he tricked her into coming here, and put her in essentially a cell
I ran my clawed hands through my hair
I could hear them argue
"Lupe I Know you had to open your big mouth!" yelled his granddaughter. 
To my knowledge Lupe's true mate was killed by Brutus and his only daughter, the heir that would inherit his seat, was assassinated by him too. That's how the Finnand weaseled in two seats, the 3rd And 14th. No other royal house has such power, or should I say had?
"Be Silent Martha." He hissed.
"He's right." Said his grandson. 
"Shut up Kyle!" She snarled. They growled at each other while their stepmother sighed.
He was likely the only other male left. Lupe, the 14th Seat's new mate was silent in all this. Those weren't her grandpups, and unlike normal wolves They had no loyalty or sense of adoption of pups that weren't biologically theirs. 
. The snakish ways of Brutus ran Deep in that bloodline. The houses of Finnand and Grisham merged a long time ago, but they acted more like jackals than wolves
"I would if you'd have fought that fiend, instead of Bowing Down. Some Council Member." She hissed.
"You're young. You had no idea." Lupe said likely shaking his head. "Jack is sadistic" He mumbled. "He kills for the fun of it, and I am no match. I would rather surrender and be here, than be dragged here anyway."
"Good choice." I said interrupting them. 
Lupe held gray hair, a normal wolf color, while his mate's hair was more peppered with black. The redheaded pups looked more or less exactly like Ace... and his stepmother looked at me as if I were dirt. 
"The King will come for us." Lupe hissed.
"Even if he Does, you'll probably be dead." I said grabbing a random chair in front of the cell. "Now tell me why you intend on marrying off your bloodline to the 6th Seat."
"Your majesty your greatness is wasted." Said Martha bowing, looking at my still out cock. I sighed. 
"I see you have a mate now." Said Lupe. I know he scented her upstairs.
"Don't change the subject."
"Why not? We're going to die here." He mumbled.
"That goes without saying, but Maybe what you say will reach Tyson's ears. Maybe your kin will keep OilMoon. Tell me Why you wanted to pair Jang with Martha." I demanded. 
He looked uncomfortable.
"We plot nothing." He lied, but unfortunately, I can't force him to say anything. Even if I could compel him with my powers, it wouldn't count.
"Jang gives you lot access to the Upper Court." I said firmly. "It gives you access to the King's sleeping chambers.
"The King cannot die." He said revealing that he knew the 'secret'. To become the king, you must kill him in Fair combat taking his heart would still inconvenience him though. It would make his rest a little harder to get up from.
"WellJang is available. Martha's mate is an Omega, my son's mate was rejected as well no pup of Mine is marrying a damn Human." He hissed. His wolf agreed with him.
I lost my temper, but I was silent a moment. I intimidated his wolf with my flame between my horns, and I think I would get a confession out Tack, his wolf. Inner wolves for the most part are honest. 
"Again, you try to change the subject. You won't bait me by talking about how humans are lesser. Tell me why you want to kill Tyson so bad." I said glaring him in the eyes. His wolf came out, but he refused to let him speak.
"I want no such thing." He said looking at his feet.
He was silent. He looked around for cameras, but couldn't see it. I'd ask for the footage from this to send to my Ungrateful brother. "Your thoughts already give you away."
"He's so Pure." His wolf snarled. "It is like I'm working under a damn Unicorn! And what's worse is that his mate IS a damn unicorn. Reform, Bah!" He snapped. "I have to cater to a pup who doesn't even know how to govern and bow to a woman who is Not Luna material. He is no king. She is no queen."
"Interesting choice of words." I said turning to leave.
"Kaizen, what are you going to do with that information?" Asked Willow.
"Yes, aren't you interested in the details?!" He yelled. "I'll give you the other conspirators for my life!" 
/Jack./ I linked.
/Yes boss?/ he sounded Excited.
/You get to have your way tonight. Mail them to the palace with the confession tape in a zip lock bag./ I said calmly. They knew my mate was mortal now I don't like leaving lose ends. If it got out, with my status as banished, there's no telling what would happen.
She was already too trusting too. I shook my head before I lost it. My horns were already out, and the flame demanded blood. Not literally, but figuratively.
"You aren't going to say anything?! What if I was lying?!" He yelled as I walked out the door. I compelled him to blurt, but not with my powers His wolf was just intimidated. 
We walked home, but it was also apparent that Willow Wasn't satisfied with the results.
"I do this so that Tyson can see for himself the Real priorities. While he's worrying about Just me, he should be managing his royal nobles. They plot behind his back. I know he knows this, but now with proof, maybe he can do his fucking job." I grumbled.
###chapter 29
Willow
"I don't care what you say, this was my fault." He said with red eyes.
"I was the one who trusted him. How many times have you warned me about magic, supernaturals, and other stuff?" I asked while sitting on the bed. He sat next to me.
"..A few, but that's Not the point. I should have sent Ace with you I have a headache." He said putting his clawed fingers on his temples.
"Let me." I mumbled. I let him put his head on my lap.
"Don't touch my horns." He warned.
I assumed it was because the flame still flickered between his horns. I didn't want to get burned, so I just rubbed his ears. He hummed, yawning.
"I don't want to lose you." He said fighting sleep. He needed it.
"You won't. I'm right here and the pack isn't going anywhere." I said letting him snore on me I took a hot shower, and when I changed into some pajamas, he laid on his back. Kaizen was Out, and his stomach growled 
I was about to join him until his phone vibrated.
I almost thought it was a scam but I answered it. The contact wasn't saved in his phone, but it could be important 
"Hello?" I asked. 
"Where's Kaizen?" Asked the gruff voice.  It was deep and rich; you could Tell he was in charge. I wondered was this one of the council members he was talking about. I Knew his brother didn't sound this authoritative.
"I don't know." I lied.
"Worse than a vagabond a Liar." The man tisked me, shaming me. Oddly enough, it did get under my skin. Whoever this was, wasn't the kind of man to be played with.
"I'm not telling you. How's that for the truth." I growled.
"Get 'um baby." Said Kaizen in his sleep. He rolled over to sleep on his side.
The voice chuckled. "I like her." Said a female voice.
"I am Bryson God of Justice, his father." Said the man. 
".You know, Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just *water* ." I said remembering Kaizen's comment on him liking dad jokes.
The line was silent.
"Ok, I Really like her." Said who had to be his mother. She giggled.
"Oh my gods." I could tell he facepalmed. "If I hear that joke One more time."
"Damn!" I snapped my fingers. I should have known. 
"I assume you both found somewhere nice?" He questioned.
"We did." I said being vague. I didn't know if they should know or not.
"I'm calling as a warning. The 14th Seat and his family went missing. Tyson automatically blames Kaizen, and has moved up his bounty to 100 million, dead or alive." He said seriously.
"He Can't do that!" I yelled. "What about investigation, fair trials, and due process?!"
"This is the way of wolves. I will not interfere, nor will my brothers or father. Tyson is King, my mate is his Third. She and the Second Seat advised against this, but we are inclined to respect it." He grumbled.
"Then what should we do?" I asked.
"He has no idea where you both are, so for now, save this phone number. If I catch wind of anything, as Kaizen's father, I won't Let them kill each other." He grumbled.
"I will sir it's unfortunate that we meet like this." I said seeing my mate get up. It sucked that he likely wouldn't sleep now.
"You can just call me Bryson." He said sternly.
"I'm not running father." Said Kaizen with a yawn. "Let the ungrateful little shit have his tantrum." 
"I really don't like this." Said his father.
"I don't either, but I will do what I have to do." He said taking the phone from me gently.
"We love you son." Said his mom. She sounded so sad. "Please don't fight your brother."
"I love you too mom... and I Swear on my blood I won't unless he throws the first punch." He hung up. He ran his fingers through his hair, and snarled deeply. "What a Fucking mess."
"Go back to bed." I tried to sooth him but he pulled me into his lap.
"I Can't maybe you can." He said kissing me softly on the top of the head. He hugged me like I was a stuffed animal. It felt nice to be squished, but Kaizen's touch held a lot of anxiety
"In the morning, maybe we can talk with the others and make an evacuation plan just in case." I said truthfully.
"Tyson is likely coming with an army if he discovers this place. It would make war with the goblins, but he seems keen on bringing me in." He pushed me over on the bed gently and pet my hair. He scrolled through his phone. "There it is." He waved his hand over me.
"What are you doing?" I demanded, putting my head on my pillow. At first, I was going to protest, but somehow, I found myself drifting off.
He got up and started stripping. "I'm taking a shower. Go to bed." 
I couldn't respond. 
"Yes I did cast a spell on you. It amazes me how susceptible humans are I didn't even say the magic words." He said shaking his head. "Sorry. Goodnight." He said kissing me on the forehead.
I woke up to an empty bed. The clock on the bedside read 2:42pm.
"That dirty bastard." I said hopping out of bed to look for him.
He was in the guest room up here, talking with Gilbert, Jack, and Ace.
"I fear since he caught on so fast, that he will follow my scent here." Said Jack. "Forgive me sir."
"Don't apologize, all this was my idea. You don't carry a strong scent, but I'm sure they'll figure something out."
"Alpha, I heard of tunnels that lead into the forest." Said Ace.
"Good. It's settled then. We won't leave unless we Have to. Take this and buy the tour bus you were talking about. Park it at the end of the tunnel. If he comes here, you three are to Leave With the pack."
I charged, attacking him with all my might. "That's for putting magic on me!" I yelled, punching him in his exposed abs, but he stood there.
". What is this Supposed to be?' He asked with a raised brow. He was hot in just sweats but I held my resolve.
"Me kicking your ass!" I yelled.
He sighed, grinning that I couldn't get him.
The look he gave me made me stop I did Nothing to him. I knew I wouldn't. "You could have at least pretended to be hurt." I grumbled His smile made me feel like a rabbit for some reason
"no." He said putting his hand on top of my head. "You can't go without sleep I can't either, but I know I can handle it better than you." He said with a small smile.
"We'll take our leave sir." Said Gilbert. They all seemed to share knowing looks
The moment they left out the door, I was picked up and kissed.  He held me close to his warm body, and I wrapped my legs around his waist, and my hands around his neck. "Let me be mad at you." I complained he kissed me again.
It was as electric as it was arousing He took control of that kiss, walking with me to our room. There were 'woos' and I blushed, but he didn't slow down.
"No." he said amused he took my breath away.
He put me on the bed, and ran his hands down my sides. "I need you." He said seriously. "I can't have them take you from me."
"I'm not going anywhere." I said kissing him this time. I held the sides of his face, and he ran clawed hands down my sides to my hips. I could feel him flex his claws as his kiss became more intense.
"I love you, you know." He said climbing on top of me. He shimmied off my pants, and I moaned. "You don't have to say it back I know you're human. The bond won't have as strong of a hold on you."
He took my shirt off, and I was now bare before my mate I did love him though. I could Never go back to the hum-drum life I had. I could never see this world the same way ever again. And I could Not imagine a life without him He was my protector, the man who swore his life away to me
"You're wrong Kaizen. I do love you. You're silly as you are my protector." 
We shared this moment. He was on top of me, and I could feel his hardness. The deep, passionate kiss we shared had me pinned underneath him He caged me as he nibbled my neck, and my mark spot thrummed, sending waves of desire to my core
"Let me show you how I feel." He said with a sinister smile.
A/N: Next ###chapter is spicy.
###chapter 30
*Mature*
Willow
He kneaded each breast as he slowly kissed his way down I knew what he was planning but I felt more aroused than usual. My core already burned with desire, and we hadn't really done anything yet.
"I'm going to have my way with you." He hummed. He massaged my sides now, and it made me moan he chuckled.
"Kaizen." I whispered.
"Hmm?" He said dragging me to him roughly, and flipping me around so my hands were on the bed. 
"Oh." I couldn't even remember what it was I was going to say
"Don't cum too fast." He said with a small growl to it He was so assertive There was no room to deny his instructions. Even that made me aroused. 
He lifted my body, and held me by my legs while he was on his knees. And he licked my button. He snarled, putting his tongue inside me and I gasped. He swirled it around in circles, putting it between my folds and on my button.
He was rhythmic with them, and I gripped the sheets. I don't think I'd Ever felt so wanting I don't think I'd ever been this wet. I could only moan with his actions All I could think about was what he was doing to me. In and out. Then up to my button, sliding between my folds and aggressively penetrating my entrance
He did this slowly, but there was force behind his tongue it made me want him inside me
"Ah." I groaned arching my back. I was unable to do anything more than feel the pleasure he was giving me.
He chuckled, getting off the bed so he could stand, and he dragged me with him. He did this like I weighed nothing
Kaizen inserted three fingers, ramming them into me while one hand held me in the air I could feel myself clamp around them as he had his way with me.I began to climb faster, gripping the sheets as hard as I could. He attacked every spot that gave pleasure. He licked my button while he fingered me with his large hands. It was pure bliss
"Fuck me." I said with a wanting pant. 
"As you wish." He said, lowering me, but he held my waist.
Kaizen thrust in his cock into me roughly. It was what sent me over the edge. I came so hard, that I pulsed while he used his strength to ram me. He did so with inhuman speed, having his fill. He almost pulled out, then pushed with what felt like all his might each explosion of pleasure made me climb again Each pound slapped him against me.
"Oh my god." I moaned. 
"You're so fucking tight." He snarled. The smack of his impact could probably be heard downstairs I know his snarls could. I was no better.
I moaned when he went faster still, outright fucking me hard and fast. There was no gentle mating as he put it 
He snarled, flipping me around, and now his cock grazed my button with every motion. His eyes were strained, and his horns were out. He picked me up, and I wrapped my legs around his waist. I grabbed his horns, and a demonic snarl I'd never heard before emitted from his throat it vibrated my hands, and he grew taller.
He bit my mark, thrusting into me so hard that I came again. I didn't climb this time He marked me with a snarl, cumming, but not stopping. He roared, still going the same speed. He pounded into me like I was going to vanish.
He leaned over, putting me on the bed, still marking me, still mating me Sucking my neck He licked my mark, moving to my lips, and he kissed me. I could feel his fangs, and I could only strain my eyes closed.
It felt like this was magic.. I wanted him to keep going like this Hell if we could stay like this all day, I don't think I'd mind. I climbed the proverbial mountain with him. I felt almost depraved. I don't know How, but I wanted more.
"Harder." I begged I'd never felt so aroused  "Fuck me as hard as you can."
He obliged, grabbing my hips harder, and showing me he was a prince. I moaned more Each time he pounded into me, I grunted, getting tighter. I hung onto his horns as best as I could, while he had to lean forward a bit to accommodate the fact that I was short. His grip was iron, but I could tell he was trying his best not to go too far.
"I can't get enough of you." He rasped He almost sounded like a different person, and his eyes were a deep red the whites of his eyes were gone, but I didn't care. I pulled his horns, and he bucked, cumming so hard I could feel it spill onto the sheets.. He pumped in me, taking me by the throat, with his thumb resting on my mark.
He grunted and I came a third time It was the most intense of them I felt like I skydived off a mountain. And Kaizen was so big, that I could feel every inch as he pulled out He was still cumming thick ropes He came on my stomach too. And I was so tired all I could do was just let him.
"Sorry." He said sheepishly. He picked me up and went to the shower he barely fit in there, but I found myself still horny
When the water was hot, he got the sponge and washed me, yet his flagpole didn't lower.
"You smell almost like you're in heat." He grumbled. It felt good to have his touch I needed more, but he seemed almost innocent to the fact that I was more than Just smelling like I was in 'heat'.  I debated on showing him, then I did. I grabbed his cock and pumped it slowly he was still hard.
"What are you-" He cut off his comment, moaning when I leaned down and licked it. I'd never done this before, but I imitated what he did to my button. The only thing that fit in my mouth was his tip, and I swirled it around
I was depraved dirty but he was my husband I could tell he wasn't done, but thought I was. His cock tingled in my mouth. He put his hand on the top of my head, but I could see his muscles strain He was trying not to take me here and now
I wanted to be a deviant I wanted to make him as depraved as I was I was so wet that I could feel the hot water take my wetness I was dripping.
"Oh baby do you want more?" He asked.
"I want you to keep breeding me like a damn goat." I said seductively. I didn't know what I was saying, but he picked me up, and put himself in me again. 
I was pressed against the shower, and he put my legs above my head, resting them on his shoulders He leaned in and kissed me, this time going slow.
"Oh my gods." I shouted slow felt just as good as fast. 
This time his cock almost left a trail of arousal with it. This time he pulled it just shy of all the way out, and plunged into me.
"You're a bad girl." He chuckled.
"This is torture." I said holding onto his wrists I was at his mercy I wanted him to ram into me again.
"It's meant to be. Your heat was not truly sated the first time It's come back because I didn't Fuck you like your body wanted."
"But we had safe sex" I said as he inserted himself a little rougher I was so wet it slid in. He kissed me roughly, keeping his cock inside me, moving it around in me.
"I wore a condom and fucked you like a human Today you're being Bred." He said this as his true visage "I'm not going to stop until you Can't walk." He warned. "That's what your body wants I can't leave my Luna wanting."
He rammed into me again I felt myself encase his cock so tightly, I thought I was about to go over the edge again, but I didn't I kept climbing higher and higher until I thought there was nowhere to go.
I was damn near seeing stars
I finally came like I wanted It was an explosion of sensation. I screamed his name,, bucking as I did so, and he had to hold me tightly while he finished. He held me like that until his cock became soft, sliding out on its own. 
"Holy shit." I panted looking at him grin.
"You have *No* idea how much I've wanted to do that." He smiled. He kissed me softly, having to hold me since he was so tall and I don't think I could stand if I wanted to anyway.
###chapter 31
Kaizen
"Willow?" I asked a little amused. She was out.
She slept under the covers holding onto my chest. I was content, but a little worried I got carried away. But I should have known that was going to happen 
Regardless, it was now midnight, and I was awake from my nap. I needed to check on some things with Jack and Gilbert. Those two were the least stable and my responsibility. And I'd left them to their own devices for a few hours.
Downstairs the wolves that were up were watching TV. Anyone who wanted to get paid to be security unfortunately couldn't be paid on payroll by me This wasn't a 'real' pack after all. There were some things I'd never be able to provide, like putting them in the MoonPack Registration System, print them new ID's so they aren't Rogues anymore, or have a true pack status, meaning if they wanted to move, they could without having to talk to their previous Alpha. Theres no guarantee that they left their original packs on good terms, or if it even existed anymore.
That was more of a psychological annoyance than a real one though. The wolves who came with me were glad they didn't have to look over their shoulders, while the ones who were already here were glad they had an Alpha again.
"Are you going out?" Asked Jack. Of the two I'd given my blood to drink, he was always the most eager to go hunting.
"We already sent a message to the Rogues out there. It'll be quiet at least for tonight." I said shaking my head.
They both bowed their heads, and I nodded to release them. I was up mostly to figure out how me and Tyson were going to meet. I knew I would have no peace now that I'd helped him, since he saw what I'd done as an act of war.
He hadn't spoken to me of course, but I knew him well enough.
"Is Ace asleep yet?" I asked.
"He's outside." Said Gilbert. He was only bloodthirsty toward humans and wild game, but with my blood binding him to me, he could be controlled as well I hope there doesn't come a time when I have to pull that card.
I got bows as I walked, but I could also scent the fear in their hearts. I could hear the thoughts of my horns and how many of them were still apprehensive about me, since I was a 'demon'. I actually wasn't, but I never corrected people who thought I was.
Technically I was a general of Hell already, I just wasn't dead yet. If working for, or being owned by the Void King makes you a demon, I guess I'm guilty as charged.
Ace was outside, drinking a human beer brand while on the job. If it were elvish, I'd scold him, but no werewolf I knew could get drunk from the low alcohol content. Maybe Omegas?
"Hey Alpha." He said sadly. He smelled like he had a small buzz going. He had a small cooler of sodas next to him too. I got a Kokie-Cola.
"You seem pretty down." I said taking a sip.
"I know all this is going to go to shit because of My family sir." He said looking at the dirt. "For generations, my people have been a problem I don't want to die, but maybe you should just-"
I cut him off.
"Your family's actions Aren't yours. You literally left, changed your alias, and worked Hard to be different from them." I said shaking my head.
"Alpha, I literally hear them linking me Right Now even though I know they're dead"
Now That was concerning.I saw, nor sensed any spirits, except his. He was all over the place. "Mind telling me?" I asked, putting a hand on his shoulder. I'd never done it before, but I tried siphoning some of the sorrow out of him. He paused in the silence, and calmly took a deep breath.
"They want me to go to OilMoon since I'm its heir, and figure out a way to get into the good graces of the king by taking the 14th seat now that it's empty to kill him. That sounds crazy, doesn't it?" He asked with pleading eyes. It worked but there was only so much I could do.
"You're not crazy, you're grieving, and you feel guilty that you weren't in that shipping container too, all flayed and salted for your pelt to be cured, and the meat cut up into sections like the butcher shop processed them like damn it Jack." I grumbled. "Take the rest of the night off Ace. You never have to worry of being called Brutos again. If I ever regain access to the MoonPack System, I'll change your name to Ace. You can make up a new house name the old one doesn't make you who you are." I said watching him hold his emotions.
He was a man crying wouldn't happen unless he was completely stressed to the point he couldn't help it, but he did get up and walk away, taking my offer. In private he would likely mourn. I couldn't understand all of it, but I knew it pained him He was a vagabond by choice.
His people, should any be left, would take this as an opportunity to move up, rather than grieve. He lost the last of his bloodline to my knowledge, since I ordered Jack to bring them Here. He lost his pack, and worst still, there was no one to really miss. Even his mate was corrupt.
My stomach growled fuck I was starving.
I got up and pulled off my sweatpants. I also shifted while in town, carrying them in my mouth. Most creatures of the night saw me, trotting casually. I left Ace be when I trotted past him. He was shifted as well, laying in the grass, talking to a security bear-shifter. He wasn't shifted, sporting a uniform and badge. I feel like since bears don't really form packs, they just live near each other that maybe he felt more comfortable talking about all this to a neutral party.
I slipped into the forest, and heard a bit of a commotion. Vampires were out in the woods tonight, and they'd likely ordered the humans I scented to hunt.
"Lady Lancaster, the hour head start has 4 minutes left." Said one of her subordinates. She was the ruler of them in this place I could tell why. She had to have been turned a little after the War to scent so strongly. That would make her thousands of years old.
She was a blonde, pale as paper in the waning moonlight. Her eyes were a rich violet, while her nails looked like they'd been grown out to be claws.
"Oh, Lord Kaizen." She bowed. I was my full height with my flame out. I towered over them, as they were formally mortals, so they were mortal heights.
I shifted. They wouldn't understand wolf speech. "Just Kaizen is fine." 
Their hunger made my mouth water. They all surrounded me as they kneeled, but I would not join their hunting raid.
She looked me in my eyes while I shimmied on my sweats. "I couldn't do that with the master's blood someone so high in a place like this As one turned by King Victor himself, I still have contact with him I could plead your case to him or her majesty." She bowed.
"No. I would not want a war between the vampires and werewolves." I mumbled. She laughed like a rich noble.
"Oh my, no. I know my masters. My King nor the Great One would allow such a thing." She said referring to my Uncle Xaxas. He created the vampire curse They feared him greatly, enough that I knew if I asked it, they would do whatever it is I request
"I don't need anything other than meat. I Was going to go hunting for game, but I know it'll be bad because of all the commotion I Already hear." I said shaking my head.
"They scream in fear of the Dark, the timer hasn't gone off yet. All 10 of my flock are here." She motioned them. Indeed, 10 other vampires were silent and in submissive stances. 
"Do you all have 11 humans out there?" I asked as the timer went off. They didn't move until I gave a nod. All but one anyway. That was probably her Beta. He was slender and lanky, being a white haired vampire, a rarity.
"Actually 13. I need 2 since it's been 6 monthsWe're never full but I Try I really do, but my lord forgive me if all that's left is meat." She said floating  something only *strong* vampires could do. I could hear her just the same, like I can with everyone else. She did that to impress me.
"I'll wait here then if you all think you'll find a buck. I don't want mortal." They bowed at my request.
"It is an honor " She bowed deeply, and I had to wave my hand to get her to rise.
"We are all but the playthings of the master and his blood." She bowed. "Whatever you desire, it is a privilege to present it. Mr. Ermond, retrieve a morsel for the young master." She said over her shoulder.
"Of course, my lady." Bowed her Beta.
She floated off while the one who stayed with her ran on all 4's. interesting. He scented like her, so I knew she was the one who turned him. That was his mistress, her Beta. That was how things usually went.
I sat at their little meeting site. Now that they weren't all ravenous and surrounding me, I noticed this place had to be their regular spot. There was an area for processing the meat. A portable meeting tent with a table, and buckets for leftover blood, along with bone saws were in there. Their tent was painted black, and the campfire area was well maintained. 
It didn't take them long to bring a live buck like I asked I didn't Want to eat man's meat but  I craved fresh
I was glad it wasn't a mortal. Not with the small mate I have. It would be Wrong to continue to consume them if other options were available. It was mesmerized until I had it in my hands. It wiggled and squealed violently.
"Be Silent in the young master's presence Meat." Hissed Lady Lancaster's Beta, bewitching the small beast again. "I can buy blood in the morning sire. Please, partake Real food with us." He smiled as he bowed. All his teeth were fangs I think he was a ghoul, not a vampire.
There were different kinds of undead, though, ghouls were undead who needed flesh And blood to maintain themselves. Usually, they were mindless, with their souls trapped in their bodies to see the carnage they wrought but this one must have been a vampire turning gone wrong. Either she didn't give him enough of her blood, or she was likely injured when she made him, likely also on accident 
"No this is fine." I said snapping its neck. "My mate is mortal; I believe the Only human here." I drank the deer's blood Something I don't normally do. But the scent of it made my fangs figuratively itch to have a taste Blood holds life essence, and the meat keeps me running.
It was the tradeoff for having lightning I shifted without thought, ripping my sweats. No blood, bone, not even a horn was left... This would be my diet until Tyson finds me
I know when he gets the package I sent, the manhunt efforts to find me will triple.

###chapter 32
6 days later
Willow
I wore a black dress while Kaizen matched me in a tuxedo
I don't know Why Kaizen asked me to dress so formally, while he was in a suit as well, but we were already leaving. It was only noon, and the skies were clear too. Also, with Ace swearing that he'd watch the place, my mate didn't mind going out.
I rode in the car with Kaizen. He said he'd wanted to do something special for me, but he didn't say what it was he was going to do.
"I feel wrong." He said silently. "It's Wrong that I have you in danger all the time I'm supposed to be your mate I'm supposed to make you happy. I feel less than a man that I can't give you the comfort and safety that should come with my claws." He said making a right.
"No Kaizen, I agreed to this to All of you AND your troubles for this." I said grabbing his hand, and putting it on my chest. "Wherever we go, so long as its together I don't mind." I said silently.
He smiled softly. "Willow We stay here in this suburban neighborhood hiding away like Rats." He said shaking his head "We should be on a cruise, visiting my sister, vacationing on Xaxas's island Anything This is the least I could do." He drove out the gated community.
"Oh and look, the H.O.A. changed the name." He pointed. "It says 'Misfit Estates' now, my suggestion." He beamed proudly. 
"To be honest, I don't rightly remember the original name." I mumbled.
"Sorry. It was originally 'Glittering Estates', but there was a spell to prevent humans from remembering the name. The Goblins did that so it would be harder to find. It won't work on someone like me or my siblings, nor magic casters, but a lot of people worked together to shield this place. I just so happened to suggest it when they were renewing the spell."
"That sounds kind of cool." I mumbled. That was probably done on purpose to make us feel more at home. And I could also get why they wanted to keep this place a secret. There was so much land, and nice people Kaizen's status or not, I hadn't had any unpleasant encounters with anyone except Lord Tamriel and he'd only done that because he worried of Kaizen's state of mind. And our neighbor too, but Flora hasn't acted like that since the cookout
"Don't defend that asshat. If he Really wanted to test me the Right way, he could have just confronted Me from the start." He complained.
He wasn't wrong. "At least there's peace now." I said happily.
"Yeah, and I didn't expect Gilbert or Jack to fit in so well. Especially Jack. That man lives and breathes the hunt." He shook his head.
"Is that why you gave him your blood too?" I asked.
"Yup." He popped the p. "We couldn't be out here if I didn't. It links them to me, and makes them servants. When I die, they do too, nor can they disobey my ruling. I told them they weren't allowed to kill anything higher than deer." 
"Where are we going?" I asked.
"Nice try." He chuckled.
"Damn." 
"Gods I love you." He said showing his fangs as he smiled. "You're really cute. A she wolf wouldn't be bold They would kneel to my slightest hint of aggression or displeasure You challenge me, play along with me I don't' know why I'm saying all this Now."
"I love you too, you big furball." I smiled.
"When did you pick up that swear?" He asked briefly looking at me. It was a sly grin as if he were proud of my 'potty mouth'.
"Sorry I wanted to try it out.." I said sheepishly.
He chuckled. "It isn't That bad, but please only refer to Me as a fluffball. Calling another wolf that is going to piss them off." 
"I'll keep that in mind anything else? I know dog related stuff is Really bad." I said seeing him nod.
"Did you hear that argument yesterday?" He asked. I did. Two werewolves got into a real fight after one called the other a mutt
"Yeah." I said putting my hand on his lap. I did want to know more "Someone said something along the lines of their mate was a fluffball around them too." It makes me want to know more about his people
"Whenever you're ready; we literally have eternity." He said growling it held no meaning, but at the same time, it almost sounded like he snarled a pattern. "Can you tell the difference between wolf speech and noise?" He asked.
"No?" I said shaking my head.
"Maybe with a lot of practice. Wolf-speech, mind linking, and body language are probably the most significant parts of wolf culture that you know little about. I wasn't growling earlier either, that was wolf-speech Hard but possible for mortals to speak But that's for another time. We're here." He pointed to an old barn.
It looked like it was going to fall over if you touched it.
"Where are we?" I asked.
"The Goblin King's vineyard. There's a wine tasting today." He smiled. Their magic kept this place looking like that on the outside. The moment I got out the car, I could see that the collapsing barn was actually a 3 story, brick building. He opened the door for me like a gentleman and I took hold of his elbow A man with blue skin took his keys and parked the car.
The grapes were ripe on vines, and large blue goblins picked them. Some of them were examining them like they were judging where to put their bounty, since there were multiple bins. I couldn't read the language, but to my understanding, all the different races had their own.
"Goblins speak their own dialect of Elvish. I learned that language while in the Royal Court. The Elf King and Unicorn Queen worked together closely with Tyson." He said nodding his head at a servant who bowed to him. They were all in a row, coming out holding trays. 
Outside were tables with white cloth on them, and it seemed all kinds of peoples were here they were already chatting, and a little card with our name on it had us at our own couple's table.
He pulled the chair out for me, and ordered a bottle. "Try this." He said with a small smile.
The wine had two tones. The top layer was clear, but it faded to a deep, almost black red as he poured it.
"Wow." I smiled. I took a sip and I couldn't taste any alcohol.
"It's called Angel's Kiss. Tamriel won a battle on this land thousands of years ago, and the magic of both angels and demons fertilize the land to this day. "It's only made here, once every 20 years, but today is just a regular party." He said happily. 
"Lord and Lady Charred, lunch today is Angel's Kiss braised beef with hand harvested, baked wheat bread, toasted in our brick oven." Said a blue skinned waiter. "This variety of wheat is suitable for someone such as yourself sire."
"Thank you. I'd like another bottle." He said raising the empty one.
"Kaizen if you get drunk, I'm driving." I warned.
"I wouldn't have it any other way little wife." He said handing me his keys I didn't expect that.
"Right away." Said the waiter with a bow, coming back swiftly. He said nothing, putting a hundred year old bottle on the table old enough to be my great grandpa but to be fair, so was Kaizen.
He snorted a laugh. "Stop."
"Sorry." I giggled, knowing full well I'd 'said' that on purpose. The plates were presented next, and everyone seemed to be having a great time.
We dug in, and honestly I think Kaizen did this as More than Just an apology He wanted to take me on this date "This is nice." I smiled. 
"I want to give you the world little mate That you smile gives me real pride. One day, when this is over I'll make it up to you." He said taking my hand and kissing it I felt his love, but also his hurt. "I wish I wish I wasn't a Rogue" He mumbled.
"I don't care." I said leaning over, and kissing him on the cheek.
Kaizen before he could say anything else, on a big wooden box, was Wix'Lek. He had a fork and an empty glass, tapping it lightly.
"I didn't think you'd show!" He yelled loudly, motioning us with a wide smile. Kaizen was handed a cigar from a black box by a servant, and he cut it with his claw, and lit it with the tip of his finger.
"I almost didn't, but I couldn't see myself denying the man who gave me some semblance of fucking peace." He chuckled.
"We goblins only want peace. You're safe with us your highness." He bowed. "Well. So long as you stay on our lands."
"Kings shouldn't bow to fallen princes." He chuckled.
"Fallen princes shouldn't be downing bottles of wine that can get even dragons drunk." He countered.
There were chuckles, and Wix continued.
"I know all of you know my titles and crown yada-yada. I wanted this party to celebrate my old man Finally getting some sleep!" He yelled and the goblins cheered. "My old man always traded fair, even when we were doing dirty. I intend on keeping his legacy true. I want us to have integrity loyalty, and safety. I hope Lord Kaizen can aid me in the last part."
"I will." He stood. "I recognize the scent of a few of you. All who live in Misfit Estates, know that I have the wolves and even some of the other creatures organized to make MisfitMoon function like a Real pack. He said raising his glass.
"I knew I made the right choice." Wix chuckled. "My nuclear deterrent everyone." He motioned Kaizen and they clapped I had no idea what he meant by that, but I could guess
There were old, crazy creatures out there, and denial of it or not Kaizen was a demigod. His bloodline would keep riffraff away, and his strength would do what his reputation didn't.
"You're right." He whispered.
###chapter 33
Willow
"Thank you, your majesty, for taking care of the mindless in the herd." Said a man with bull's horns. He was tall as my mate, with silver and brown hair. He stood there like a soldier, sporting an officer's uniform that read 'Secret Police'. The very agency that keeps supernatural people hidden.
"It's no problem. That place is my territory now. I won't allow anyone to endanger our people." He said getting up shaking wrists with the tall man.
"Oh, I forgot. I'm Officer O'Davi, Assistant Chief. You must be Willow." He said lowering his head slightly, before extending his hand. He shook my wrist too, but I could tell it was Much less firm.
"Go and enjoy the party." Said Kaizen.
"Of course sir." He did a bow like I saw the wolves do at Misfit.
"Some minotaur bow weird because beheading is how you kill their people." Said Kaizen.
"Wow" I mumbled.
There were so many people who all wanted to talk to Kaizen, or see who I was It felt good, but overwhelming to be honest. To be bowed to and served like a princess was something I still wasn't used to, but I wouldn't let anyone see that if I could help it. As much as I hate to admit, it is his position that keeps us safe
I tried to be as polite as possible too especially since there were so many different *kinds* of people here. That wasn't something I ever thought about until meeting Kaizen. These people had all different cultures, different values, and ways of life. It was more like speaking to dignitaries from different countries if I had to describe it.
Like the minotaur they shook wrists with Kaizen, but they didn't bow as low as other people because beheading was their greatest weakness or the goblins, who in custom, gave Kaizen silver coins to show their loyalty.
"Would you like to mingle?" I asked. 
"No you go ahead." He said pointing to a goblin woman. 
That had to be Wix's wife. She was adorned with a ring on every finger, and her manicured nails were painted to match her blue sparkling dress. She was shorter than me, holding features that were pretty exaggerated. Her elvish ears were large, so was her nose and hands and she wore a thick layer of green makeup. Her purple hair was in a high bun, with a crown hair-pinned on top of it. The diamonds were the size of a quarter, and the gold shined brightly enough to let you know it was real.
I made no judgement about her though, it was just odd to see a real live goblin, troll or otherwise. I was still getting used to seeing centaur walking around.
"I'm glad you made it!" She beamed. "I'm Frankie, and Don't let Wixie lie to you. The shindig was My idea." She chuckled, shaking my wrist like the other supernaturals.
"I'm Willow, but I think everyone knows that." I smiled.
"They do." She said taking me to her and her husband's table, but he was over by Kaizen. He hadn't made it to our table yet, but he likely wanted to talk to him in private. "Do you like supernatural life?" She asked. We sat at her table, and a servant put down a tray of small cakes and poured us tea.
"I do. I can't lie and say that I miss my old life that much." I said thinking about it honestly I think it was the mate bond that did it, but I really didn't miss anything It was kind of replaced or the void of missing them was filled with thoughts of Kaizen.
"If it makes you feel better, before I became Standing Queen. I was a commoner too." She said with a smile. "Not All supernatural people are rich either. He found me in the slums off the coast of Spain." She said as if she were reminiscent of a time long gone. "That was after the war, back when it was hard to be trusted, and harder still getting into a royal house for protection."
"That sounds awfulI also want to thank you all for letting us into your estate and getting us a house. We would likely still be running if not for your generosity." I said seeing her smile wide.
"We have at least 3 other properties in Misfit. Don't worry about it." She grinned. "And with the bounty increase, I know our timing couldn't be better." She grumbled. 
"Increase?" I parroted.
"Dead or alive too." She said signaling for some wine. "Still not enough to peak the interest of anyone who Could bring your mate in but the glory of killing a Horned Wolf with the promise of immunity from retaliation I don't know." She mumbled. "Don't leave our turf."
"I'll make sure to keep that in mind." I said nodding.
-----Kaizen-----
I made a bit of a mistake. That wine had me Drunk.  Willow was over there with Frankie, Wix's wife I sighed. She was just a few tables away, and all I had to do was get up, but they were conversing. I didn't want to interrupt. Fuck knows the beef was good though. I had my fourth plate.
"Your majesty, a word?" Asked Wix, having a servant put a seat at our table.
"I don't mind." I said obviously minding; he was interrupting my meal. However, I knew it was important and I couldn't be a pup about this. it was likely more bad news.
"First since you obviously have connections Good Ones I need a favor." He said interlacing his fingers.
"I'll get Jack to be rid of any you name." I said casually. "Jack was good enough that even shadow warriors, wolves Bred to be assassins and spies couldn't catch him."
"Yeah, I knew he was Good but not THAT good." He mumbled. "I caught wind of my 8th and 9th seat trying to kill my nephew so they can move up a chair number. I'm thinking, the best number they can be, is 6 feet under, as in the dirt." He chuckled.
I rolled my eyes. "I assume since you wanted to speak with me, you likely attended a King's Council Meeting."
"Yeah, I've been to a few of those since you came here, but they don't know I have you. But if this goes south, your sister is the new Dragon Queen. Aureus killed his father, and said he'd go to war if he had to for your sake." He said taking a sip of wine.
"That's. really sweet of Grace, but she shouldn't worry about me." I grumbled. I was trouble for every family member it seemed. 
"She will. She's your sister especially since now you're wanted dead or alive now, Both of you two hundred million each." He said with a frown.
I didn't care I was wanted, but that he dragged Willow into this was too far.
"He knows what he's doing." I said feeling sober. My blood literally boiled, and I could feel my true form threaten to appear. Fuck. There was also a small migraine that came with it. I had to fight this
"Here, chew this." He said handing me a cloth that smelled of unicorn's blood.
"I'm not taking any drugs." I said firmly. That was from a willing unicorn their fresh blood, even dried, sends supernaturals into a state of euphoria So it would stop my shifting, at the cost of my sanity. That's a risk I cannot take.
"Then keep fighting it." Said Wix. "If you change and ruin my venue, all these nobles will take that gossip, and spread it like dandelion seeds in the wind." He said truthfully.
That calmed me down enough to swallow this anger. 
" are you *good* ?" Wix asked in curiosity.
"Yeah, I'm good." I said leaning back in my chair 
"Perfect, because I'm not done." He said in Goblin. "I put my neck out for you, He doesn't know you're here, but I think your mother does. She called me yesterday." He said putting his napkin in his pocket. He had a special case for it.
"He may command her to spill it and then I'll have flocks of upstarts who want their big break after Willow" I grumbled. Many wouldn't try me but if word got out she was human, she would be a target. So leaving Misfit Estates would be out. Those people for the most part swore in blood
"You don't have to worry about my people. We may like gold, but I made you My guest. To snitch on you, and make me a liar would make them My Target." He said firmly. "But I suggest you stop taking out his council. If he gets killed, then I'm sure with your sister as the Dragon Queen, you'll either get the crown, or a family member is going to, and pardon you."
"I don't want to drag everyone else into this." I mumbled. I looked at my mate. She looked serious too, but I don't think she knew the full gravity of this but Tyson still didn't know where she was. 
###chapter 34
Willow
Damn I was hungover. It was only 7 in the morning Why do I keep waking up with the sun?!
Kaizen's phone rang.
I woke up in his arms, rummaging around for it. But as he slept, I swear he looked stronger. His arms looked thicker and his fangs as he snored looked longer
He'd been going out every night while I was asleep every morning the room smelled like iron. It hadn't even been that long since he started doing this, but I was beginning to get worried.
I answered the phone. "Hello?" I asked politely. The number was different it might not have been his parents. It wasn't.
"You must be the woman he marked." Said the voice. Oddly enough, it sounded like I was talking to Kaizen but I didn't get the same feeling from it. 
"I am." I said a little offended for some reason, it sounded like that was an insult.
He took an impatient breath "Tell Kaizen to Come Home."
"He won't do that. He's wanted by his own brother" I said silently.
"His brother wants him because he killed 25 people." The voice snarled.
"Don't *grr* at me." I whispered angrily.
"Your majesty maybe have the mortal explain what happened." Said another man. So the first person had to be his brother while the other was a Council Member.
"Would that be acceptable to you?" Tyson asked me He sounded kind of like he had a chip on his shoulder. If he thinks his tone was going to scare me. He was wrong.
"It would." I said honestly, holding my composure, not being lured into the childish argument that will probably happen anyway. "I guess I should skip to the part you all want to hear?" I asked.
"No, the beginning." Said Tyson firmly. Kaizen hummed in his sleep He'd Just gone to bed; I doubt he'd get up anytime soon.
"My friends were going to get married, and took me on a camping trip with them to celebrate. They got really drunk and I was the designated driver It all happened so fast There weren't any signs on the road or anything."
"You Lie Mortal. I installed the gate myself." He snarled. "What's more is that I saw it up myself too when I visited the aftermath."
"It Wasn't there. I have no reason to lie about Anything." I said firmly, ignoring his growling. "What's more is that if you're supposed to be a King, you should Listen." I said a little bitterly.
There was silence. I think they were surprised I wasn't intimidated.
"As I said, there wasn't a gate or anything, and if there was, it was obviously hidden. We didn't know werewolves and fae existed We were surrounded, and my friends were killed in an instant Kaizen did what he did, and How he did it because he lost his mind seeing me in dangerHe has control now. I know he killed a lot of people, but I know he wouldn't have if they didn't do what they did first." I said honestly.
"She's right." Said the council member from before.
"Son, I think that should at least warrant the lifting of the bounty the way it is." Said his mother. I forgot she was a council seat. He probably ordered her to give him Kaizen's number.
It was silent a long time. "He had no control, and they disobeyed the lawbut he still should stand trial." He mumbled. "I'll send for wolves to investigate the fence."
"I doubt you'll find anything now." I said firmly. "It's been a while now. Bodies are buried, any evidence like That is bound to be in a river."
"The mortal's right sire." Said the same man as before.
"Ronitus, be silent." He snarled. "Mortal you know nothing of the ways of wolves. As it is, he's killed not only his fellow pack, but also my council seat."
"I know enough to see your power trip." I yelled. "I know enough to see that you're trying too hard to be King, that you can't see he did that to save Your life!"
He growled.
"We have his location sire." Said another man Oddly enough he reminded me of Jack that crazed itchy to kill kind of voice.
"Good. Tell him that he can either come to us, or I can come to him. That Adress is in King Wix's territory. I'd rather not start a war with the goblins." He said ignoring me.
"I demand trial by combat if you'll leave me the Fuck alone!" Snarled Kaizen. The sudden snarl of my mate made me squeal. He immediately put me in a vice gripped hold, but he made sure not to hurt me.
"Bring Brutos and Jack as well." Said Tyson.
"Whatever." Said Kaizen.
"You can't do that! You Swore to your mom that you wouldn't fight him." I protested, but he shook his head. 
The phone was dropped on the floor with my wiggling. 
"I said I wouldn't so long as he throws the first punch. Is that agreeable?" He growled a rumble that really did rattle the windows. Holy shit
".. I'll give you 48 hours to get your ass up here. Bring the mortal too. If you run, I'm burning it All to the fucking ground, wherever the fuck you are on Wix's lands. If you leave her there, I will send the hyena shifters to collect her." He snarled, and the call ended.
"I'm sorry little mate." He said still holding me He didn't care that he'd agreed to fighting his brother He cared more that I freaked out a little.
"I'm already over it. I just didn't expect you to explode like that." I admitted, relaxing He made it clear he wasn't letting me go unless I showed that I was fine. I honestly was, but I couldn't be frustrated with his concern. 
". You. You're more to me than you'll ever know." He said letting me go. He got up and grew to his true height. But this time it was different.
He held a small glow in his eyes as he grabbed a few things from the closet.
"I want a pack meeting." He snarled, opening the door of the bedroom, still in his sweats.
"Yes boss!" I heard many of them yell in response.
Kaizen held the look and pose of a warrior in a movie, getting ready for war. I put my hand on his shoulder, and his eyes held an expression I couldn't really read But I could feel his anxiety.
"Are we going to leave right Now?" I asked.
"I have no choice." He said angrily. 
". I feel like no matter what the results of this 'trial' is. Will end up with you killed"
"Get a few days of clothes." He commanded like a Legion soldier. This wasn't for debate in his eyes. He ran his fingers through his hair. "I didn't mean to order you like that it's a wolf thing." He said shaking his head.
"No I know that much." I said craning up to kiss him. He met me half way, bending down, and his hands slid slowly down my shoulders, making their way to my waist
He kissed me on the top of the head. "I'll try to be less snippy" He said with a small smile. 
We pealed away from each other, and I stuffed some clothes and one nice dress into my luggage bag I should have never unpacked
"Don't say that. You have a right to be comfortable." He said already done. "You have a right that your home feel like a fucking home Willow. Don't forget that."
"We're technically criminals. Kaizen the only rights we have will be After this is over." I mumbled. He was silent a long time. He looked like he wanted to rant about giving me the world but instead he got our bags and the keys.
"Come my Luna" He said putting his hand on the small of my back, and he put his keys in his pocket.
Downstairs, it seemed like every shapeshifter, not just every werewolf was in the living room. They crowded us, but parted way when he went outside. They bowed to us, not just him They called me the title of Luna, even though it wasn't official. He stood at the steps, at the threshold of the door, and people listened intently, even our neighbor Flora. She however, was likely out to be nosy.
"Hear me MisfitMoon." He said loudly, holding me under his bare arm. He still hadn't put on a shirt, but one was passed to him. "The Crown knows of this place I'm not surprised. But it is no longer safe, especially with me gone. Rick, I know you aren't ready for this kind of responsibility, but in the event of an evacuation, you lead everyone to the vans."
"I won't let you down sir." Rick Bowed.
There were murmurs filled with worry. I could see how concerned looks from the sea of people became They all looked like each person had a sea of questions He continued.
"I was told to bring my Beta and Gamma. And I believe I should take Gilbert as well. I cannot have you unattended. It isn't that I don't trust you, it's that I believe the palace may hold answers to your bloodline." He said sternly. They bowed in unison.
"We can ride in my minivan." Said Jack. I didn't know he had a car.
"That's fine." Said Kaizen. He looked on his phone. "Fuck this is a Long drive."
"I can organize an evacuation." Said Flora. "You idiots aren't getting my home burned down." She grumbled.
"You can drop the act." Said Kaizen rolling his eyes. "I know you don't want to see the pups killed." 
"Who Would?!" She shouted, earning growls since it was considered disrespectful.
"That's Enough pack." Said Kaizen. "As many of you know .me and Tyson are equals So if I do not return, I'll make sure Wix has another location hidden away for you. None of you deserve this." He said under his breath, but I knew they likely heard him.
###chapter 35
Kaizen
I kept my eyes on the road while Willow finally went to sleep. 
/Alpha, we're right behind you./ Linked Jack.
/Good, we're only stopping for gas./ I linked back. /We'll go for 11 hours, sleep 8 in Ohiya, then go the rest tomorrow./
/Yes boss./ all three linked at the same time. It gave me a small headache, but thankfully those go away once everyone stops trying to talk to me all at once.
We'd been driving 4 hours 24 more to go. The castle was deep in the interior of Grandia's eastern inland border I was spent. I was driving on a nap, but I would be fine. I would sleep when we got to the vampire den. They had an Earth B&B in their Cleavelump Ohiya Den. Not Too far from Ace's people 
I thought about all this as I drove What a fucking mess. But I'm glad Willow answered the phone. They would have eventually found us, and once they did, they would have then raided Misfit. 
Likely at night
Likely with Tyson and the hyenas; a normal pack would stand *no* chance.
And to be honest if they did that, I know I wouldn't have any control over myself 
I stopped to get gas in Madisun Wi, and Willow got up from the stop. I paid with my card and started pumping.
"Wow I was out a while." She commented with a stretch. She got out, walking to the driver's side.
"We still have so much to go too." I mumbled.
I almost wondered where the time went. Jack switched with Ace, but they seemed to be having a good time.
"It's my turn." She said getting in the seat. I would have argued with her, but she was well rested. "Please don't argue with me, I know that face." She said knowing me too well.
"Fine." I mumbled. She cranked the car.
I looked out the window as she drove, but sleep came almost naturally. I didn't dream or travel. I almost expected that I was going to, but to be honest I needed it. I was so comfortable, that for once I let my guard down in my sleep. 
There was a chance that regardless of compliance, that Tyson would cull the innocent I left at Misfit But then he would have to answer to Tamriel I couldn't see a world where his wife or son becoming homeless or offed would lead to anything good for the royal family.
I no longer saw my brother as blood. He would threaten my mate with his nonsense. He would put her into this, when if things had been different, we might have been visiting for some pleasant reason or another 
But at the same time, a certain relief came with knowing that soon this would be over one way or another.
"Please stop." Rang the sweet voice of my grandmother, Lulliba,
"My goddess I cannot." I mumbled, feeling her hands wrap around my neck. She hugged me, and I could almost feel her tears. "Forgive me for your tears. Do not cry for me. I will either see you, or grandfather soon enough."
I made it worse. She balled onto me, and the next thing I knew, I was teleported to the palace in Tarteron. Grandfather I could taste his anger.
"Release him my most lovely. He marches to battle. Let him be a man." He said glaring at me as if I'd decided to come here. 
"Promise you won't kill him." She asked nicely, quieting her genuine tears 
"I cannot grandmother. He threatens my pack, and mate" I said somberly. 
Even though I still didn't see him as a brother right now, that didn't mean that he wasn't. We shared the same blood we looked, even sounded as mirror images.
"Then at least Promise if the chance comes for mercy, you'll at least consider it." She negotiated. 
"I can agree to that. I promise that if I do defeat him, that I won't kill him IF he surrenders. He needs to pardon me. And most trail by combat is to the death. I doubt he'll want to stop." I  mumbled this, because all in this room already knew that.
"Sorry I accidently summoned you." She wiped her eyes "I can't take it. Why do they have to fight? Can't they just forgive each other and be happy?" She was so shiny being silver. Grandmother's skin tone is actually like a new coin. She glitters and sparkles. Her radiance attracts we night creatures like moths, but I saw that shine fade a bit.
"Grandmother I *am* happy." I said giving her a hug, and petting her back. "I could never be more happy, than with the little mortal at my side. Thank you that you let me feel true love Thank you for giving me a reason to *want* to end this, and try to remain on this world."
"This Will Be Resolved my butterfly." Said grandfather standing. "Begone boy."
I gasped awake, and I was in the hotel what the fuck...
-----Ace------
"Avenge me." Said Brutus. He was in the reflection of the mirror clear as day I tried my best to ignore it. I was brushing my teeth, fresh out the shower.
"Why do you not avenge me?" Asked Brutus. I didn't know if it was real or not My grandfather was skinned alive. Skinned wolves don't pass on until the pelt is buried or burned
Last time I heard, he was turned into a fucking *jacket*.
That thought made Brutus cringe. "You know feel fur stitched up in that closet? The rest of me is a rug Phillip wipes his feet on, and your aunts are chained up like dogs He's from the old times, older than me You know that that likely means."
"A council member wouldn't do that, exiled or not." I countered. 
My family was thoroughly hated If my aunts were turned to the pack's sex slaves, I wouldn't be surprised. Well a little. For everyone to always reference Phillip the Frosted One so well all the time, I doubt he'd allow that kind of poor treatment
"You know I'm right. Why don't you stop by his pack in West Verginon?" Brutus pestered.
"I Won't." I hissed. "You got what you deserved, and if my aunts suffer they earned that too. They Killed his BABIES." I hissed. "I'm related to Actual crib smothering baby killers. What *pride* is there in that? How can I live, and attone for *your* sins? What the Fuck am I supposed to do if I do have kids? All who don't actively hate and shun them, will try to get revenge for their children, and unborn.  *THAT* is the legacy you left. That is what they remember. BEGONE" I shouted, nearly breaking the window.
I didn't if I did, it would make trouble for the boss.
"Who are you talking to?" Asked Jack. He made me jump. I didn't even see him in the mirror, what the fuck.
"A ghost." I said turning and leaving out the bathroom.
"Yourself." Jack corrected.  "This room is filled to the brim with my victims. I don't see Brutus." He said as if he knew who I hallucinated "I see my assumption is right by your face There are so many that they litter the street outside quite a ways away. I'm surprised you don't hear the requiem of my successes The Reaper's even out there collecting them all. Sleep Ace. I'll take first and last watch."
Jack's firm pat on my shoulder made me see the horrors of what he'd done. I made a mental note to never cross Jack a *long* time ago. Gods their faces. Holy shit.
I crawled in bed, but my mind spun. Gilbert snored next to me in his bed, since Jack and him were sharing. Of course, Jack was out on watch, so he had his mattress to himself until it was my turn, then Jack would sleep in mine.
Gods that wolf's scent is so strong it's like gasoline.
If that wasn't a spirit, then I was losing my mind. That was *rare* but not impossible My people were designed to live a long time. Feebleness only really happens due to trauma.
I saw blue scales reflect off the glass of the open curtains The Great Serpent and thousands of little orbs floated around him..
Shit. There went any doubts.
I've lost itJack was right.
I guess maybe I did have a traumatic enough life that I am, or that my lineage holds a screw loose, and it was passed to me.
I put my hands on my face.
I didn't hear nor see any other spiritsuntil Just Now.. How can I do anything for the boss, who so generously allowed me to breathe like this?
I was stressed I was a Rogue But if I wouldn't have left like I did, I'd be on a wall or a rug as well. I'd have been groomed to be the perfect sociopath Pack or not
It's why I rejected my mate.
It was then that Fang started acting up.
/I will NEVER forgive you for that./ He hissed it was the only time we talked, was to fight.
/I had to. She was one of them Fang./ I told him firmly.
/She could have come with us if you tried hard enough. I wouldn't have minded the pup she was pregnant with I would not have minded being loved if only for our titles that YOU threw away./ He linked. /We should be rich and full of meat, not here and seeing grandfather./
That little shit left out that she was pregnant. I knew she had a boyfriend I scented that when I got there. We never had a shot.
/WE DID!/ He snarled, hearing me. /we did./
/She wouldn't have stopped. You know how many half cousins we had You saw the family records of deceased pups./ I said dismissively. This was a blessing as shit as the situation was. Even if the boss loses, which he won't. We might get pardoned./
/Do you hear yourself?/ Fang scoffed. /We are a full blooded Grisham. They will smother you in your sleep, or maybe give you to the arena to rip apart as the next event We should have been with our mate. I will Never forgive you for that and when/
/What?/ I asked.
/When he comes for us When the King comes to collect, I will not help you. I do not want to live in a world where the only person meant for us does not even want us / he whined. 
He wouldn't let me pet him but I came over and did anyway. He took this harder than me, because in my head, I always knew it would happen. I knew I don't know how, but I did.

###chapter 36
Kaizen
I looked at how dark it was tonight there weren't any stars out there.
"The arena is ready when you are." Said Tyson. He sounded as tired as I was.
"I'm ready now." I said hanging up.
The trip. All 28 hours was done. And without incident.
But instead of being fatigued, I was amped. Not happily so, but I had to close my eyes a second. I took a few breaths.  I felt like all I had to do was reach out, and I would grasp my power Something new something I shouldn't touch.
"You ok?" Asked Willow, worried for me. She hadn't said anything the whole trip about all this
"No, but get off the next exit." I said shaking my head. I had a fucking headache. My chest pounded like a drum as she drove I felt alive
"Want to talk about it?" She asked.
"I want his throat in my teeth." I grumbled. "For your sake." I said silently.
She was quite a while as well, not really sure what to do with the information I gave her
"I'm safe. I'm sure when we get there since you said you were ready, that they will be prepared." She said putting her hand on my leg as she drove. 
"Thank you and also thank you for driving. I feel half crazed." I said with a humorless laugh.  She was in danger. I was a fucking idiot.
Maybe I should have let him be assassinated. Maybe I should have let the wool be over Tyson's eyes.
"That's terrible. I still feel like all this is my fault." She said silently. 
"Willow even if you weren't my mate, even if I met you the Right way all it would take is some trigger like you being hurt to make me mindless. Any threat to you I cannot allow. Any harm meant for you I will take." I said firmly.
I kissed her hand. She blushed like a ginger-topped tomato 
I noticed we were being trailed after that. A detail of 6 SUV's followed, while my mate looked nervous. 
"Even now, we are being told we are not welcome those who Are loyal to the crown see me as a traitor and a dog that needs to be put down." I growled.
"Well all of them are stupid." She said bitterly.
I massaged her neck while she drove She felt so tense... She felt like a Warrior before patrol,  It was as if her very instincts knew that we were headed to danger. We got closer in silence, and she held my hand with all her might. 
Willow began to panic. She drove like a Warrior, and this was her ATV, but it wasn't good that I let her stay in that state. She drove with one hand, but her knuckles were white. She thought of Misfit, she worried for them, for Ace, Gilbert, and Jack. 
"It's going to be alright." I said to console her. It seemed my touch on her mark was what she needed
"I know" She mumbled.
"When we get there, I'm sure since so many shifters are following us, that we're going to be immediately incarcerated. I also assume that we won't have a lawyer, nor are our trials like mortal trials. It's up to Tyson with whatever he rules should I lose. Should I win, he will lose a lot of face, and likely have trouble maintaining his position." 
"Because He won't be the strongest anymore." She said thinking out loud.
"Chances are since we're equals, it'll be a mistake." I said directing her to that last turn.
The long thin 2-way street was lined with pines, and about midway down the strait path was a booth in the middle. Both lanes were blocked, and I rummaged around for my ID. We probably wouldn't need it, but when she slowed to a stop, the Warrior got out the booth to bow.
This Royal Guard was strong enough to be an Alpha of a small pack somewhere. To be honest, those who work for the royal family for the most part could. 
"His majesty expects you, your highness." He said still bowing.
"Carry on." I said gruffly so he could rise.
I saw him get on his radio when he pushed the button for gates to lift
She still held my hand silently I felt terrible for putting her in this situation. Soon she'll be surrounded by nobles ones who for the most part didn't like or trust humans. 
"This place looks really nice." She commented. "The homes here are so flipping big."
"Wolves who can't shift live there. All the servants of the Royal House of Charred are Omegas, save the guards. Since their wolves are dormant, they can serve the crown without freaking out."
They care for the grounds and the council's needs.. This was done a Long time ago, and no one knew quite why other than the fact that since they have no active wolf, being around us isn't as taxing.
The multistoried brick castle had grand fountains and statues to show grandma's taste. She was the one who decorated. The uniforms the servants wore reflected that as well. I always liked the suits with gold trim. I also like the brownish redheaded wolf Mr. Julian. He was pale as paper, but stood proud, as if serving a vagabond was something to brag about.
He was the head Omega, the one who took our bags when we got out, and bowed to us as if we were here on business pleasant business. We took about three steps into the lobby, before Shakira, the Hyena guard stopped us. She was behind us, while her mate stood in front. Jabari, the Iron Fanged, named so because he was born with metal teeth, was actually the more easy going of the two.
They were both dark skinned, being from Africa like grandmother, the original Wolf Queen She held her hair in a short bob, while her mate held long dreads. In their culture, women are 30% larger than their males. In their society, men often held traditionally female roles in their packs.
"What are they doing to Ace, Gilbert, and Jack?" Demanded Willow.
My trio of requested wolves had already been placed in cuffs.
"Don't worry about me." Chuckled Jack. "Isn't that right Shakira?" 
"Silence You." She hissed.
"The King himself couldn't catch me." He laughed as they took him away.
"Don't piss them off." Growled Ace.
"I go in peace for my Alpha's sake" Said Gilbert.
"You're under are-" Shakira was cut off by Mr. Julian.
"With all due respect Commander Shakira, I believe the young master requested trial by combat. In that event, he is to be treated As A Guest, until After the results." He said firmly.
"I do not trust him so easily." She sneered.
"I do." He countered. "If I'm correct, his majesty swore he would not fight our king unless his highness strikes the first blow. I've never known a royal wolf to go back on their words." 
She looked offended that he would defend me, but I was moments away from losing my fucking mind. I shielded her, feeling my claws extend.
"He's to be in the arena right now anyway." She snarled. "Your highness, regardless of your treatment, we do need to take you both."
She put the cuffs in her pocket, while we walked down the hall. I wouldn't have allowed my claws to be restrained.
-----Willow-----
I followed the breakneck pace of the Warriors, who only got Kaizen's permission because he followed closely behind with Jack, Gilbert, and Ace already a corridor away I could hear them chatting ahead of us, speaking loudly probably so that we could hear that they were ok.
The long passages of this place were wide and grand It was as if it were made to accommodate people like Kaizen. The floors were black, but the gold accents and flags told me that that was his royal colors The crest was a wolf breathing fire, and they hung high all over. There were paintings and statues, seemingly of their grandfather who looked like them, but honestly, Kaizen reminded me more of the Adversary depictions than anything.
He's probably rolling in his grave knowing that his children are about to kill each other, asleep or not.
"Don't worry for me." Said Kaizen. 
"I'm confident in you." I said less sure than I let on I know they can smell stress and fear. My worry was for Kaizen They both lose no matter the outcome, but I wanted, no Needed him to be alright after this was over
"This is where we split off. We're taking her to the viewing booth. I'd rather have her and her majesty together to protect at the same time.." She mumbled. 
Once he went into the grand arena, I was amazed by the Giant room they would fight in. It looked like the Colosseum The bleachers were stone, and the dirt floor looked as if it had been brushed. The circular arena had to be as tall as the castle was high, with a glass ceiling. I could see that the moon was red in the center of the sky 
"The Pale Lady wears a red dress tonight" Said the woman who was taller than most of the men who were with me.

###chapter 37
Willow
I was taken up stone stairs, passing a sea of curious eyes All the people in the crowds were shifters
Many commented more or less that they couldn't believe 'good wolves died for a month's meat'.
No one made any attempt to correct their words, and I didn't say anything either. There would be no point. I was the only human here, but at the same time, I was surrounded by other shifters who made sure that I was in the center of their formation Inside the private booth was a woman who was so pale, that she was nearly translucent. Her hair sparkled a vibrant white, as if there was glitter in it. Her violet eyes were red as she wiped them.
"I'm sorry we have to meet like this I'm Samira the Glittering One, Tyson's mate... You must be Lord Kaizen's mate." She said shyly. She extended her hand, and I shook it.
"I am. My name's Willow." I said being pleasant I could tell she wanted no part in this. She looked like she was trying to put on a brave face, but she wasn't fooling anyone.
"I can translate what they say if they speak wolf." Said the female commander. 
"I would like that Shakira." Samira said with a small smile. "I told him to find another way, that our people would be upset at first if he was slapped on the wrist, but know that he made the right decision I know your first impression of him is This, but he cares deeply for his family He wants to do right so bad"
"I respect that, but his righteousness has made everyone's life harder. Dragging this out won't give his people closure." I mumbled. 
"Indeed many of the pack have pleaded for Lord Kaizen, stating that he wouldn't have attacked for No reason. Saving your mate is universally understood.. Tyson told me what you said about the fence." 
"Yet look. I can't hear them, but I know they're going to fight anyway."
We watched them take off their clothes and circle each other They looked so identical, that I couldn't tell them apart I'd know up close but as it was the voice of the king was like listening to Kaizen.
"Damn, I'm so late, and Xaxas isn't here yet." Said an Enormous man that had to be their father. Kaizen's older, more scarred twin stood there as wide as a building and just as tall, sitting in one of the chairs. His horns were double my mate'sand between them was a flaming, floating crown meaning he probably could stop this if he wanted. He gently shook wrists with me, and both of us sat down next to him He felt like the dream I had of Death. 
"You're fine sir." I said politely. "I'm Willow." I said having to look up. He was a beast.
He chuckled. "I am Bryson. Don't worry about my titles and such." He shook my hand. It was soft, yet a heavy weight was on my shoulders. He may as well could have been a mountain. If he was some kind of God of Justice, it would put a definition to this feeling.
I was hugged by who had to be Kaizen's mother. She felt hot to the touch, so much so I wondered how she wasn't sweating... "I'm sorry we're meeting like this; I know Samira feels the same! I'm Isabelle."  She was taller than me by her head and shoulders. "Bryson look at her, she's Adorable." 
She was about 6 feet tall, having thick frizzy hair that went to her hips. It went from black to a blazing orange, like it was hot metal, not dyed  She was more tan than her mate, but he looked much more disapproving that she was babying me.
Bryson grunted. "She isn't a pup." He said firmly. 
She hugged a little harder, hugging me one more time before she whispered in my ear. "Don't worry. We have a plan."
"It's why we aren't down there." Said Bryson.
-----Kaizen-----
I stood in the center of the arena, looking up at Willow, who stood with Tyson's mate They did that so she was protected, but I knew my brother. He likely wouldn't want her blood on his hands until after I was dead.
"I don't want to do this." Said Tyson. "But I will." He said low enough that only I heard.
"Liar." I scoffed. He ignored to address his people
"Everyone." He yelled like the Alpha he was. "My brother wishes trial by combat. So I must list his crimes. For 25 counts of murder, 2 counts of aggravated abscondence, and 25 counts of said murders being on the Harvest Moon, the Night of Peace,And killing Lupe, the 14th Seat, his mate, and his pups-" I cut him off.
"They threatened the Crown! Your life specifically!" I yelled; there were Boo's. "I even sent you their confession. They weren't being tortured or anything. They were so Proud too. And those wolves threatened my mate!" I yelled. "You waste your breath. Fight Me you Damn Dirty-" He cut me off by screaming at me.
"I must condemn you!" He pointed. "Should you lose, I will kill you." He said firmly. "Plead your case, that I may consider if my ruling is fair."
"I *already* pleaded my case. You *KNOW* your ruling is neither just nor fair." I boomed as an Alpha myself. "I did what I did to protect my mate. Had they not broken the law Had they just detained her, I would have come home, been told they had humans in intake, and I would have ruled they be shipped to Horizon Prison but kept my mate. To be fair, turning them wouldn't have been a bad idea either, but I Can't because they were already partially eaten when I got there." I snarled. I shifted.
Tyson did as well  We were equals, down to the flicker of our flames Even they were in sync It was like looking in a mirror.
[Had you come for a trial, I might have been able to pardon you.] he growled.
[You and I Both know that is a lie. By Blood and Fangs, I challenge trial by combat.]
I could see I saw the victims' families in the crowd. They looked Disgusted. They were likely in denial that their loved ones had done wrong I shook my head and planted my feet in a ramming position.
He charged first, and we clashed, butting horns. I was immediately clawed by him on the arm after the smash. Our powers don't work on each other, yet my arm held a gash the thickness of a thumb. I clawed him in response, not holding back. I got his left flank, and some of the fur hung off his partially flayed body. I could feel what I'd done to him as if we were still connected
It was excruciating
We both healed. 
The crowd roared The sea of smiling faces and people waving money. It weighed on me to see them so gleefully betting who'd kill who and how. 
[They do not even mourn, yet we tear each other apart.] I said seeing my mate's horrified face. I could not hear her screams over the excited multitudes Our parents honored our wishes by looking neutral. They neither cheered nor lamented I wonder how they truly felt about it.
[Look at Me!] He snarled, either not looking to avoid the feelings of doubt and shame or because he was so focused on killing me. We circled with our heads low, and the air was thick with our bloodlust. 
He was no longer my brother, and this is why I was Beta I never had the heart to do this not seriously.
We but heads with our full force, and the shockwave could be felt underfoot.
[For my mate's sake you'll get what you're asking for.] I said charging him again.
We reared on hind legs but he could not push me down like he used to. He weighs the same as me now meaning that he'd lost some of his condition. He was the bulkiest of the three of us now it seemed he was leaner.
We circled in a trot before charging again. Our horns made the sound of billiard balls, crashing into each other, our fangs ripped meat off bones, and I got him by the left leg. I shook hard enough to break it, but he healed himself nearly instantly.
We danced on back legs, clawing and gnashing teeth I managed to get him by the throat and struck him with all the lightning I could muster. I clamped down with all my might, and he struggled if only for a moment before he got my shoulder, and dislocated it. The pain made me loosen my grip... The force of us both shaking gave him an opening. 
[Hell's flames nor Royal Blood's bite works on either of us!] He growled, snapping at me, missing, but his claws didn't.
He slashed at my throat, something that would have killed anyone else, and myself if I'd have laid down like a damn dog. Losing blood was not something I could heal so fast.
But since I lived, it seemed we could not kill each other nor could we hurt each other, yet with every slash, the crowd slowly lost their bloodlust They stopped being so enthusiastic about the blood sport and That Said Something coming from a crowd of shifters. It became silent  and they became horrified.
The dirt under us became bloody mud
The fire we breathed scorched all it touched My lightning made me tired, and his slashes held a silver quality to them since they glowed so brightly. But we kept exchanging heavy blows. Both of us were getting tired, yet neither of us would back down. Both of us had too much to lose. 
If I lost, Willow would be at the mercy of my brother. I couldn't risk that. MisfitMoon was already discovered. My mate and pack depended on my victory.

###chapter 38
Kaizen
He would likely not be seen as king, being defeated by me if I won Yet that fact did not stop us. It couldn't. I couldn't be his Beta and back down or go along with him anymore.. Not with Willow
[You could have surrendered, and I would have freed your mark mate.] He growled.
[She's my true mate.] I snapped at him, barely missing.
[I Just can't see the gods doing that.] he snarled.
[Ther's a lot you can't fucking see!] I said ramming him with all the force I could. We bounced off each other, shaking the loose dirt and mud around us.
Our horns became locked with another bone shattering bash and neither of us could get free. We pushed each other, trying to gore the other brotherHe was trying to break my neck so bad that I wouldn't be able to heal It wasn't a bad idea, if only for the fact that he was slowly being overpowered. The grip I held was slightly better. 
That clawed grip in the loose dirt was my only chance. If I slip, he will kill me. I felt myself losing control I felt myself not really fighting the primal instincts that slowly welled up inside I would be a monster for my mate A Monster the Other Monsters feared.
The ceiling shattered, and there was a small earthquake that came with it. It was all so fast I couldn't see who or what had done that, but we found out nearly instantly.
[WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS?!] Screamed Grace, headbutting us both at the same time. The impact of her equal sized frame forced us to stagger in opposite directions, freeing us.
. When did she grow?
[GET THE FUCK OUT THE WAY!] Tyson screamed, but behind her was a giant golden dragon. He was so tall his horns would have touched the now shattered ceiling. He had to have his head slightly bowed to fit
The dragon growled something in draconic, but the only one who understood him, was just Grace.
Tyson shifted, pointing a finger at him. "I don't understand draconic, but Lord Aureus, you Trespass." 
Aureus shifted, becoming a golden-tan skinned, golden haired man. "For my mate's happiness, you have no idea how far I'll go to see her smile." Aureus snarled. 
"Move." He sneered, though Aureus was obviously not intimidated by his words. 
"Childish Boy." The King of the Sky spat. "How many of My people killed their own on mass! How many sided with the master, sundering all life, all living things, with no remorse or regard for anything unbranded by them during the war?!"
"If it is childish to want justice, If you want to fight me, so be it." He summoned his weapon from the depths of his soul a glowing red double-edged short-sword and shield. It held grandfather's crest on it and all our weapons pulsed in each other's presence.
I had my bowIt too glowed red but fuck I was so tired I don't know if I could even draw it.
Grace had her staff. "I will not let you fight my mate." She snarled.
Aureus summoned a fan. "I will not allow my mate to be marred." It looked to be made of gold, like his scales. Aureus was a golden dragon made of literal gold if I remember right it very well may have.
This fight was going to be bloodier than I doubt anyone could imagine.
If they won't do it I will. I prayed to grandfather that someone stop this before we clash. I don't see any mortals living should we all attack each other. using our powers....
"You should evacuate the mortals." I sneered. "I doubt you want innocent lives on Your hands as well. Believe me when I tell you it weighs on your heart."
"Tyson, you go too far." Growled Grace.
"Do you think you can take 3 demigods?" Asked Aureus. I believe the Wind Goddess, a lesser goddess was his mother His abilities wouldn't be as powerful as we three children of Bryson yet at the same time, it would depend on his skill too.
"You would impede another king's judgment?" Tyson snarled. "All I've done is Try to be a Good King! You think I Want to kill my Fucking Identical Brother?! You Think I Want to feel the Cuts I give him to see my mate so ashamed of me." He looked down.
" It's obvious that you're not meant to do this. As a formal request from one king to another, Pardon him." Demanded Aureus. "You three share a connection that cannot be compared to even mates that it was taken from you three, yet you Still feel his pain Pain *You* inflicted on him." 
All four of us were silent. "To go without punishment is a spit in my victim's face." I mumbled. "I wish to continue. I will not have peace until I take it for myself it seems."
"I do as well." Said Tyson. "If either of you get in the way, I will not hold back."
We both charged at the same time. I'd use my bow as a sword it would be able to withstand blows it would only break if I died. Grace charged as well with her staff, and the fan Aureus held became a katana length bladed weapon but none of our blows connected.
With the whoosh of the Realm King came the desire to vomit.
"I think I've seen Enough." Said King Xaxas. 
He was not my uncle in this moment He was the offended God of Judgment. His power could be seen radiating off him in puffs of red flame and black smokeHis flaming crown floated between ram's horns double the size of mine. He was his true height, being over 10 feet tall, looking down at us as if we were disobedient children. Father was here, yet, he said nothing, still in the viewing booth. I knew him for him not to have said anything, even now he knew this was going to happen.
With a wave of his hand, we were on our knees. "Everyone is so ready to fight." He said in the silence. Not a head was lifted my uncle ruled this world and all on it Whatever he decided, we would have no choice but to obey.
With in a blink of an eye. To my horror my mate was in front of the All King. 
"I know where Kaizen stands. Let's see where You stand mortal." He said casually.
"Whatever you rule sire, please punish me." I said looking at her stare at him in fear. She couldn't move, nor speak I'd seen that spell before. It was passively done.
-------Willow------
He stood there, towering over them all as they stood behind him I'd never seen so much fear in not only the eyes of my mate, but also his identical siblings
"What should I do hmm? What do *you* think should happen?" He asked.
He was imposing He had to be over ten feet tall an impossibility Even being around Kaizen so much  That was nothing compared to him even Kaizen's father felt passive and neutral the one they all kneeled to He felt like I was speaking to the physical embodiment of power. I'd seen pictures of him too He was the son of the Adversary The Horned Lion. The God of Judgment.
"I just want this to end without anyone being hurt." I mumbled...
"Oh that's Very good wording. So, if I said Kaizen would be imprisoned a hundred years for every death, you'd be happy?" He asked, grinning sinisterly. He was always one for fun and games but I couldn't tell if he was serious.
"No!" I screamed. "Please Just I don't think it's fair he's punished at all. He isn't a prince anymore, he has no permanent home since we're hunted like animals Everywhere we go, ultimately, we're met with suspicion.  All for werewolves who knowingly broke the law and made the chain reaction happen in the first place." I said shedding tears. "I'm Tired. I Just want Flippin' Peace!" I screamed. 
I could tell Tyson from my mate now that we were close He looked ashamed of his rulings. He should be.
King Xaxas snapped his fingers. 
Kaizen was gone.
"Hear me mortals." He boomed, and there wasn't a head lifted, not even mine it was not my will to do so, but I wouldn't fight whatever this was. "Hell has no real sense of time. A minute here can feel like a decade there. It all depends on the crime. What my nephew did was in defense of his mate, His True Mate. Any of you in this room if you had the power he has, and your loved one was in danger, you'd act first, ask questions later." 
He peered at the crowd 
"I rule that Kaizen be punished for 25 hours within the Layer of Murder at the discretion of Slah-hesh'Rrah, which will feel like 25 years. That's about as far as I'll go. He's pardoned, his status renewed and when he returns, the blood-servants he made will be returned to him, along with the last living member of the House of Finnand-Grisham." He vanished.
Everyone was speechless. 
"I cannot go over or against the All-King." King Tyson said walking away. "Whatever the princess needs, give." He said referring to me, gesturing my general direction
It left me in the middle of the blood-soaked battlefield with his sister and her mate. "What a way to meet." She smiled. She was the same height as Kaizen I felt like an ant around all of them. "I'm Grace." She smiled.
"Willow." I said shaking her hand. This was awkward strange. Her mate hesitated to touch me like she did.
"I'm Aureus. I'm glad I flew as fast as I did there's no telling what would have happened if we were a moment later." He said stiffly.
"Thank you I think you two were the catalyst that got someone who could stop this to do something"  I said with a sinking feeling in my stomach. "Why can't I feel him at all?" 
"He's not dead, but your connection is likely blocked for your sake." Said Grace.
###chapter 39
Kaizen
"This can't be right." Said Slah-hesh'Rrah, the Demon Lord of Murder. "How in all the Layers am I supposed to punish You sire?" He asked. 
He was an elk horned weasel-demon in his true form, but I could understand him automatically seeing as how I was meant to be down here permanently eventually.
 If I told Willow what animal species he looked like, I'd imagine she'd comment how that sounded cute. But he was not. He was a sulfurous smelling, 12 foot tall, skull-faced demon. He held black shaggy fur and crimson markings in his true form, but he'd shifted to a horned human shape to bow properly. Now he held a dark skin tone, one that was like rich chocolate.
"I don't know, Xaxas sent me here!" I said throwing my hands up.
"You're only here for 25 people?" He reached inside me and pulled out a black paper scroll. It held my crimes in glowing red ink. "Well, you've killed a total of 263 werewolves since 18 and 975 mortals. Only one a month since the age of 25. Child's play." He scoffed. ". You can" He made a rattling rumble, and more weasel demons appeared. some still had the punished in their mouths or impaled on sticks. They were a sadistic bunch.
 And of course, what Layer of Murder wouldn't be complete without a *murder* of crow demons. They happily carried souls in their talons, putting them on spikes like loggerhead shrikes. On Urth that species of bird liked to impale their prey on thorns, the crow demons here did the same.
They bowed to me.
"No, no we are supposed to punish him. You won't get special treatment." Said Slah-hesh'Rrah. "The Layer of Murder, like all Layers, is designed with rehabilitation in mind For your first year, you will Suffer, for they were innocent all 25 that you got send down here for were honest, hard working people who You betrayed in mindless rage. You will be whipped until you are Raw, one lash for every death you've ever caused. Then you will be tossed into the Lake of Melted Salt your mortal flesh will Bubble, Peel, and Boil . but afterwords, we will train you."
"Train me?" I parroted silently. He nodded.
"I think 24 years would do it" He scratched his chin. "I don't think it right to punish the whole 25 years if you were out of your damn mind. I know you worry of this. You worry that you'll mindlessly kill again, but trust me, I will Beat the Control into your soul. You have my word that should I have to pull favors to do this, we will."
I bowed. It surprised him. "Mold me how you wish. I want self-control I need it. My mate is mortal." 
"I know. It's on your file. The Master is going to be irate when he sees you on a pike being roasted alive, but I cannot allow you to leave here with a kind word for Slah-hesh'Rrah. I am the Lord of Murder. When I am done with you, you will be a Man the master's proud of, not that he already isn't." He chuckled. 
I mentally prepared myself as I was placed in thick iron cuffs. A leather bit was put in my mouth.
"We'll start with your penance. You have 365 days to go. Then I'll train you. Your punishment will have you see all the layers Who knows you might ask the master to stay once we're done." He said summoning a flaming whip. It held barbs on it like rose thorns, while its end held 13 cat tails.
-----Willow----- 
I scrolled through my phone until about 6am. I was escorted up here around midnight or so I didn't feel social to say the least. I wanted to go home but would that even be home when I got back?
How would the wolves at Misfit see my husband. He was beyond that he was my mate. This soul crushing place was filled to the brim with old, ancient farts who on a whim decided to listen to some man they called the All King. He certainly felt like it
I had been taken in the grand room on the black and gold canopy bed. Inside the enormous castle were rooms for all the council members as well as any visiting princes Kaizen shared a floor with many of his cousins, though most of them weren't here, and his mother had her own council member's room the Third Seat I believe.
Granted all this was very lonely It was like emotional whiplash I went from being totally, completely loved and connected to being isolated. 
I could not feel him at all. It almost made me wish I felt whatever they were doing to him Below, so I knew he was alive.
". Knock knock. Are you awake? I know it's early." Said a voice I didn't recognize. 
"I'm up." I said quietly.
"We haven't met yet but I'm Xaxas's mate. I'm Harmony. Sorry we let this go on so long we had to convince the Horned One to allow my mate to stop this." 
I immediately opened the door. "Thank you I know with how stubborn the men of your family are it was probably you who ultimately stopped this." I smiled.
". Nixxia and Isabelle helped." She beamed. She looked a lot like Isabelle, being only slightly tanner but the third woman with them looked different. She was darker skinned, but all three of them had the same fiery hair. They were all the same height. And had the same fiery golden eyes It was like they were a set.
That would make sense all three of their husbands were kings or dignitaries.
"I'm Nixxia, Asanguis's mate." She said shaking my hand. 
"You already met me do you mind if we come in?" Asked Isabelle.
"I don't see a problem with that." I smiled. I kind of did, but I let them come in. They meant no harm and they were also the reason why my mate was only serving a little over a day's sentence, rather than be buried I'd been in here all night, and Now people want to be all cheery
"We're mortal too or at least we were" Said Isabelle I believe they called her the Risen One or something that supernatural creatures with titles often times have special abilities or whatever Why did I feel so bitter? 
"Your highnesses I know you all came here for something." I said politely, sitting on the bed again. I was bitter I could do Nothing I had no say in Anything here.
That was why the All King gave me a say, but what if he would have done what he said?
Their mates seemed to be curious, at the threshold of the door.
"Scram." Commanded Harmony, the All Queen.
The door was closed in the All King's face.
"What did I do?!" He complained. 
"I know you're upset, it's your first time feeling like this I know it all too well." Said Isabelle, ignoring him completely. "We don't know how to do magic, but I can tell you. And that Does Not Mean I Want Help." She yelled.
There was a grumbled confirmation, though I couldn't make out what the All King said..
"Anyway." Isabelle continued, "I Know what this feels like But Trust me tomorrow you will be held by your mate. I don't want you guys to leave so soon.... but I can sense you want nothing to do with us."
"It isn't that I don't want anything to do with you it's just that all I've seen of your family until today is the Hunting of my husband the bloodshed by King Tyson They looked like they were were mindless." I mumbled.
"To an extent. They were" She said looking down. "My children do not have a human half. I'm sure he told you Some of that but the Rest is that if pushed, they break They don't really have the Ability to bend. Tyson became obsessed with being a good king. Kaizen wanted to protect you. Grace is not little anymore." She passed me photos of them
She was holding actual puppies.
"What is this?" I asked they had little horn knubs, all being black with the glazed bluish eyes of a baby animal who's eyes just opened. They were Cute.
"Your mate." She said with a sheepish smile, pointing to the one in the middle. "They are the Only werewolves born this way in this day and age The only others would likely be the Unshifted, that were born before the Great War Don't be mad at Tyson Now that all this is squared away, they will eventually forgive each other if they haven't already. It may be a day for you, but for Kaizen it will be 25 years, maybe longer if he decides to stay." 
"I'm not mad at anyone just I don't get it I just don't see why letting them almost rip each other apart was a good idea." I mumbled. 
"That wasn't part of the plan," Said Harmony. "At best, maybe fight a little bit but we were a little late. The Horned One allowed us to be sovereign Xaxas felt like if we interfered too soon, it would make Tyson look like a child It would breed resentment for Kaizen too, since wolves would have felt their loved ones died for nothingThat they got no peace, closure nor justice for the innocent."
"That isn't all of it mother." Said Grace, coming in since the door wasn't locked. "Grandfather also wanted our bonds broken, so we could be with our own mates. Had we stayed as we were, the mate bond would connect all 6 of us together, and he nor grandmother wanted that."

###chapter 40
Willow
I followed them down the hall and to the cars. We all got in a black Nissan, honestly not what I was expecting with how Kaizen drives. There was a small emotional pain that came from thinking about him He was sentenced at midnight so I wouldn't see him again until what felt like eternity.
Lord that was unnecessarily dramatic
"The best thing for being mate-sick is getting out, and not letting your emotions get to you." Said Isabelle, who put her hand on me gently. I agreed to spend time with them and to open up 
They encouraged me to smile, and when we got to the parking lot, a valet had a key that Kaizen's mother took.
"I was thinking we go into town and have breakfast at Royal Café, My treat." Said Harmony.
"Then we could show her the pack here." Beamed Grace. 
"I would like that." I said with a small smile.
As much as I hated how this played out, I couldn't hate them but I don't think I'd ever forget either. The bitterness I felt lingered like the aftertaste of lemon pith Its rind held sour fruit, one that tasted like what a broken connection feels like.
"Whatever ideas you have are Welcome." I mumbled. "It's like a raw wound." I mumbled. 
"I know. And I know you probably feel powerless about this" Said Nixxia. "Before my mate, I was a blood slave to the Vampires. I was bred to be drained. And then you saw Lord Xaxas exhibit his true presence up close without warning." She glared at the castle, as if she was also mad at the King.
"He had to do that." I admitted. "I could tell those two wouldn't have just stopped."
There was general agreement, and we headed into town. The modern homes reminded me of a rich suburb, however there were a few old buildings scattered here and there. They reminded me of the elvish buildings in their village and I was reminded of another fond memory. 
"The Omegas live in town, and commute to the castle. They work with us, because those with elder's blood can be too much for a regular wolf." Said Isabelle, seeing my curiosity.
"I kind of heard a Little about that." I'd also seen it too with Kaizen "What about your titles? Are all of you Risen? What does that mean?" I asked.
"The short of it is that it makes us unable to die." Said Harmony. Nixxia, Izzy, and I share this title, since we are married to the three Princes of Hell."
"But we didn't know that." Said Nixxia. "Well I didn't at least I was a mortal blood slave before all this." 
"Before, I thought my mate was a normal werewolf." Said Isabelle. "Then one day he kind of just came home with horns." She giggled. I did too. I knew there was likely more to it than that, but I enjoyed the moment. 
"Wow Kaizen always said he'd be a general." I mumbled I wondered should I bring it up but I'd wait.
"He's not wrong either. We were claimed by grandfather." Said Grace.
I was making small talk, avoiding my real question. I knew with titles like that, they all probably heard me. They were just polite about it. I knew through Kaizen, titles indicate that someone is able to do something Like Charred is his elemental fire bite, and the other council members also do some elemental thing
But he told me to be wary of vague titled people. Most of them were Old Ones unkillable, ancient servants of Hell's Crown Prince, Xaxas. The Horned One allotted each son a fourth of hell to rule as they saw fit.
That part I knew from the church stories. I never thought I'd ever see anything like them, yet I sat next to their wives and daughter. Married to a son. I wondered who else was out there. They didn't butt in. It was nice. It made me feel respected. 
When Isabelle pulled into a space, we got out the car. The Café here looked homely, with a barn house aesthetic to it. It was shaped like a log cabin, yet, the light gray painted, hardwood furniture looked to be made of rustic finished walnuts and maples. People bowed immediately, though they gave royal nods to release them. I'd seen Kaizen do that, since even though he was a fugitive, people still respected the crown.
We sat down, and a pot of coffee, crème, and sugar was left for us to sip while we all decided pancakes would be best. It seemed the same wheat that was served at Wix's party was popular. It was served here as well, meaning that other older creatures must have used it as a substitute for normal wheat as well. They came with it nearly instantly too, making sure we had enough syrup, butter, and jam.
I think this was one of the few times that I Actually felt like a princess
"I have a question." I said cutting into mine. It smelled so good to taste like cardboard but I knew that was this damn connection To be loved by someone so fully would make a void like this when they're gone.
"I was wondering Nixxia How does it feel?" I asked, referring to what she'd said about herself... that once she was a blood slave. I saw the pens If she was raised down there or not it didn't matter That vampires had her was enough.
"I was Weak human. I was subject to do whatever it was I was commanded. They gave me special privileges since my blood grade was so high, but I was still made to know my place. No one could put their hands on me but it wasn't a walk in the park either." She admitted. "Now I'm strong I'm not just hiding behind my mate as a shield." She said proudly.
"Would you like to be turned?" Asked Grace.
-----Kaizen-----
"Help!" Screamed a false Willow, being mauled by a mechanical monstrosity.
It looked, smelled, and sounded like her. I lost control and she was taking the brunt of its punishment
"You lost control again." Said Slah-hesh'Rrah impatiently.
For 365 days, I was beaten and boiled. My flesh was made to dehydrated jerky, and every breath held at least a little salt.
But that was a year ago now I had finally gotten back into shape. I was stronger for it too. I lived through the eyes of my victims every day, experiencing the hurt and betrayal they felt. I was made to understand this at a fundamental level while in unbearable pain yet
You do not lose consciousness here and nothing numbs their methods. Death does not come for the dead.
"Put up another." Said the Lord of Murder, snapping his fingers, and replaying the Harvest Moon Night I had to keep the automatons away from the soul, yet also combat the wooden wind-up robots from getting to her without losing control, and without giving a 'killing' blow.
I got to witness the repeated death of Willow as well It was my worst fear and biggest trigger It was why at the moment, I used every ounce of strength I had to fight the demonic energy powered clockwork automaton  
It was a mannequin of black wood, that twirled and danced while holding a blunt club. If I failed again, it would beat 'Willow' to death.
I didn't even know puppets existed in hell, yet this one made the sound of a music box, clicking and whirring toward the visage of my little helpless wife The actor of which was a soul, though the screams of pain when I failed sounded exactly like my mate
"Fucus." Said Slah-hesh'Rrah. "Use your head, young master." He said looking silently at the false sky. This Layer of Tarteron wasn't on the surface, yet the black sun gave the dark crimson sky light enough that you knew it was day.
My mate died again. But this time there was a slow clap.
"Such a painful punishment. Your flesh looks tired." Grandfather said casually. In his domain, one could feel the words he spoke It reverberated on your bones, a sensation I could not begin to describe as anything other than deplorable 
"I wish to continue." I protested, ignoring my desire to quit from his command I need this control.
"You will improve in time. I will allow this penance to persist despite how much I disagree with the method I see results." He said looking briefly at Slah-hesh-Rrah.
"Thank you master." He bowed.
"Look boy." He pointed; the living wood twirled like a ballerina before knocking the head off Willow one last time.
As much as I knew it wasn't real as I was All I could do was look and lament. I did not lose control, but I wanted to 
"Come have lunch with me. Your grandmother made pie, and I won't be the only one who has to ingest her confection" He said with worry.
"Is it That bad?" I asked. 
He cringed.
"I have been offered many things as sacrifice from worms to rotted bodies piled high but nothing pales in comparison to the burnt, raw abominations of Lulliba's handyworkAnd WE are going to eat every bite, and give her warm smiles as if we're eating chocolate cake."
I'd been beaten and roasted battered and beaten. But I don't think I wanted to run away With his teleport, we were at his grand, black stone palace And I could smell her monstrosity from here The undeniable scent of raw dough and burned bread 
"If she asks you will tell her you want seconds." He commanded, steeling himself. "My dear, I brought one of our grandchildren." He smiled wide. They hugged, and then she turned to me.
As the Moon Goddess, grandmother's true skin tone was the color of moondust, while her hair was silvery white in her happiness she literally glowed, and I could see why grandfather threatened me so badly her clothes were even burned.. holy shit.
She hugged me, smelling of campfire. "I love you so much! I made apple pie!

###chapter 41
Kaizen
You'd think as one who can cause ashes with my bites that I'd like this. I'd had Hell's rations before. They had cows and everything down here. The apple pie tasted so bad that I had to think of the torment grandfather planned to get it down.
It tasted like burned sugar, tar, and feet.? There was definitely some kind of funky foot odor
 "What's this *texture* ?" I asked nicely, being elbowed by grandfather.
"I thought if I added some gelatin that it would set better." She beamed. "I boiled the hooves myself."
"How ambitious." I said forking it.
"My dear my sweet butterfly.  You've *outdone* yourself." He said 'proudly' 
"Really?!" She asked. Admittedly she really did remind me of an excited she wolf. "I'm sorry I burned it a little." She hugged his neck, which I can't lie if Willow had such cooking skills. I'd not have the heart either.
"You don't like it?" She asked, already about to well up with tears.
"No! I *Love* it." I took a bite, but this time it tasted like pie. "It's really good."
"Phew I thought I completely ruined it." She beamed, hugging grandfather's neck, and he mouthed a death threat while her face was buried in his embrace.
"You're welcome. If she shed a Single tear, I would have made your measly decades Eons." He said this without sound I just understood by lip reading
"My dearest, my love is there anything you wish to do today?" He asked holding both her hands While her back was turned, it was all piled on my plate  "My grandson how hungry you are!" He beamed.
"Mmm." I mumbled. He'd made it taste good but I knew better I'm probably going to be sick later.
"I want to watch your people with you again It was nice." She said sheepishly.
"The universe is my spyglass Anything or anyone, I may grant you vision." He said kissing her left hand.
"And I want to spend time with Kaizen." She said putting her hands on his cheeks.
He growled.
" I won't be taken again." She said confidently. For her to say that, it had to be a worry of his.
"I only allowed such nonsense Once." He said pressing his forehead to hers. "I will be watching." Those words were ominous, changing the clear sky to an overcast one that held black clouds
They shared this moment as if they argued about this Had they argued over us? I felt too small to ask. It was a strange sensation Omegas and mortals must feel this way. 
It went away as soon as it came. Weird. 
"Come little one." She said taking my hand, and we became a beam of white moonlight Her magic may be the Sun's reflection, yet her abilities were her own unique power.
We shot straight into the air, and the streaks of red light that we passed became sky blue as did the weight of Tarteron and this crushing feeling That strange, brief moment of understanding the unobtainable difference between a mortal and the Horned One was gone
"Where are we going?" I asked in curiosity, and also to have .
"Urth." She said simply.
Before I could ask anything else, we were at my old pack.
The pups were running and playing while father was visiting
Santos was Beta, while Adam remained Gamma And Father took OpalMoon.
"Alpha, thank you again for coming." Said Adam, running his hands through his greyish brown hair. He had grown pups now and thankfully I didn't kill anyone from the Salms family.
Adam was older than us by about a decade and a half, being a close family friend. He was the son of my father's lead Beta, Zack. When he took over the state, he allowed each Beta who kneeled to him to live.
Usually when packs change Alphas, some of the leadership does as well. Santos for example was the original Beta of OpalMoon before me and Tyson were given the reigns.
"Where's everyone?" He asked, walking with Adam to the backyard. 
His father was there with Libby, Adam's little sister. She was mute from being attacked by Rogues when she was small. I remember growing up and playing with her nearly every day, pretty much my entire life
"What is this?" I asked.
"Just watch." She smiled.
I blinked and we were inside the living room, while all the families of the wolves I'd slain were gathered around, all finding some random place or another to sit. They bowed to my father, their Alpha, worried for how disappointed and disgruntled he looked
I swear for a second, he looked right at us, but be cleared his throat.
"The bodies have been buried and now comes the hard part." He said seeing them sniffle here and there.
"They burn in hell." Said one woman. "My mate was as loyal as they come, and he burns."
"No. Only Sinners burn." He said as she wiped her eyes. It looked like it took everything she had not to break down right there "I know all of you hurt That what my son has done-"
"Sir with all due respect, may I speak?" Asked a Warrior, bowing as respectfully as he could. I knew him... Warrior Ludvik He had alternating shifts with his mate He was a squad leader, while his mate preferred pack patrol, being the smaller of the two.
There was an initial shock that came with him being so bold, but my father let him. He nodded his head as a king would, and Warrior Ludvik stood. He was about 6'5, an Alpha's height, holding his head high.
"I wasn't there at first but I know Beta. He wasn't in his right mind. I Saw him. He was a Good wolf."
"He was a dirty liar!" Yelled Warrior McRaven. "He Promised he'd protect us, but who could protect Clementine!"
"Lord Kaizen Was Protecting His Mate! I Saw it myself! If everyone would have left him the Fuck Alone, he wouldn't have gone bat-shit crazy!" Warrior Ludvic snarled at the top of his lungs.
"That's enough." Said father.
"Sir it Isn't. I don't want anybody remembering him like he's some gods damn villain who snapped like a wild animal. Like he needs to be put down." Warrior Ludvic glared at the only wolf who'd likely combat him, and he did.
"You only feel like this because your mate's alive!" Shouted Warrior Gathry. They'd always had opposing opinions on everything..
"That's real low Gathry real low." Snarled Ludvic.
"Sorry I didn't I didn't mean it like that." He turned and left, while Ludvic ran clawed hands through his hair. 
He took a sharp inhale. "Beta is STILL a good man Rachel asked me to forgive him. I forgive him. If they would have left him to run instead of Try to Fight a Literal Demigod, all of them would be alive. Beta would have run off or something and regained his senses later. Every single one of us knows what that sensation feels like you'd do Anything for your mate." Ludvic left, bowing to father on the way out.
"Go be with your mate." Father mumbled, permitting Warrior Ludvic leave. I must have put Racheal on life support. 
Why was I seeing this?
"Alpha. We still swear to you." Said the woman from before. "I remember Alpha Opal and the Ship Wreck he was you literally changed our lives for the better. I can't see myself leaving, risking my life, and disgracing what Terry worked for.I won't find anywhere better. And I do forgive Beta but I humbly request to retire." She said like a Warrior, holding her tears.
"I'll allow it." He said firmly. "I won't stop any of you. It is your right. When I was young, I killed many a wolf, but none were pack. That's a different pain. I know he's out there lamenting what he's done. If any of you need me, I will be upstairs until further notice." He said firmly. 
They all stayed downstairs. They consoled each other, and when mother arrived, they helped take her bags up.
They all talked about good times with their mates, and how they missed them. They talked about me as if I were dead too it was weird But it seemed like they and their wolves heeded Ludvic That it was easier to keep the lives they had, and forgive, and move on.
I knew by watching myself that no one made them, nor influenced them with bewitching. Of course some left anyway, but the majority agreed among themselves that being in such a large, safe pack letting their pups go to good schools and making peace was the better option.
They had every right to hate me, but hearing them. It made me feel worse.  I could feel that part of me that instinctual piece rear its ugly head. I held my chest, feeling the shame of my crime lash me harder than any real whip.
"You asked me not to take your nature. That you wish to control it. This will help you. I know it may sting to see them so upset, but know that this is the past. Eventually, they will all be returned to their mates, and live with them in Tarteron. since they all swore to Bryson. They hurt now but they will not hurt forever." Grandmother's voice was so sweet. 
"Thank you. I needed to see this." I said smiling softly. I felt peace 
"I must leave you now." She said softly, but I didn't want to go back I didn't want to keep confronting the consequences of my actions But I also felt like I was Close.
She returned me to the Layer of Murder. I was given no respite. But with this newfound understanding, I felt like I could finish my penance.

###chapter 42
Willow
I blinked twice Grace was pretty forward
"What would happen?" I asked.
"You're already marked by grandfather so I was going to try and turn you into a Horned Wolf." she smiled. "You won't be a demigoddess, but you'd be like us, only the wolf." She smiled.
But then I'd be like Kaizen I would probably have to learn how to be a wolf without losing my mind 
For them to ask it so casually That meant they were really confident about this.But I'd no longer be human. I'd be a werewolf. I wouldn't be powerless, but I would no longer be myself either I accepted Kaizen, but I don't think I'd accept this. I can't risk it. I'm already linked to Kaizen, that should be enough.
"No." I said firmly. "I'm happy with what I am."
"And we respect that." Said Harmony. "Sorry if us asking was awkward We all felt that if you were stronger, you'd be safer."
"Plus, you already carry the Horned One's mark on your neck So we know the transformation would have been a success." Said Grace.
"Sleep on it." Said Isabelle. "If you want to be something else, we might be able to arrange it."
"Mother I think it more that she is proud of her mortality, and remains to stay herself Being a Horned Wolf does have its moments were you lack controlbut that feeling is few and far between." Said Grace 
"You're spot on It Sounds cool, but that's the kind of magic that might have some kind of side affect..." I said eating a pancake They brought bacon and other sides to the table as well, but it didn't hold any flavor. "I figured you guys wanted to talk to me about something serious."
"Actually, that's only half true." Said Harmony. "We wanted to socialize with you too, have coffee, tea, or whatever." She smiled.
"I'm being such a Brat too." I said looking at the table. I still felt like it was my right to feel like this yet the more I hung onto it. The more guilt and shame I felt. 
"No, you're allowed to be hurt." Said Harmony, she put her hand on mine. And it felt like she was honestly trying to make me feel better. 
"I feel like an ass." I mumbled. "I feel like like I ate a lemon rind." I said feeling dirty 
"That's the mate bond. Your soul searches for confirmation that your mate's ok." Said Isabelle. "We can help you if you want."
"I would like that." I said eating my last pancake I almost felt guilty that I had something so good while Kaizen likely had unspeakable horrors happen to and around him.
Now not only did my food taste like cardboard, but I also lost my appetite
They held my hand, and we got in the car. We drove back, and I was taken to the Queen's chambers. Inside, there were black cushions everywhere, at least 14 or 15. Servants were in there, though they stood. The gold trim on all the black fabric looked almost like real gold. I wouldn't be surprised if it was, seeing as how everything was so lavishly decorated.
 Samira walked to a fountain it had glowing blue water. It came out a howling wolf's mouth, and on the lip of the base were cups. 
"I want you to drink this and sit on a cushion." She said taking a sip as well. "You will have peace of mind. The original Wolf Queen, Gweneth, taught me how to use this thing It is the Moon Goddess's blessed waters.  She told me this wolf is of her father-in-law, Grendel the First Wolf." She smiled. "Drink and you won't feel like you do and it won't turn you either." 
"Alright." I said taking the porcelain tea cup from her
It didn't taste like water, it tasted kind of like chalk. It was slightly sweet, smelling like daisies I did fell calmer, kind of like I'd had chamomile tea
I found myself closing my eyes while they sat next to me
Then I felt really hot.
I then felt as if I had been picked up and taken somewhere. I opened my eyes. I felt weird
Then calm
"Is that supposed to happen?" Asked one of them. How much time had passed I had no idea 
"No!" Said Harmony, freaking out.
------Kaizen-----
I walked as my wolf into the grand colosseum arena it was black stone, and large enough for small ship battles. They even had levers around the arena to close to trap water overtop dark garnet sand my grandparents this time were the ones who would view this demonstration. 
I shifted, being clothed in a robe similar, but not as fancy as the Horned One. I believe he made these himself. He was weird, but the last 50 days or so, he watched
I'd finished my penance, with a day left to spare. They thought it best to show hell but most importantly my victims. Every person I'd ever killed, murder or not, now belonged to the Horned One. 
They did not look as pitiful as I thought they'd be. They looked healthy in clean clothes, as most of the souls here were. The Repentant Layer was nothing like the others This layer had a city that looked like ancient Rome, though the stone here was black, as well as the dirt.
Slah-hesh'Rrah was his true form. "Master," He bowed to the viewing booth. "I, your humble Lord of Murder, have rehabilitated your grandson, the young master Kaizen, the Horned Wolf, The Charred One. May this demonstration give you closure, little souls maimed by my lord."
"Continue." Said grandfather stoically from the booth though no one had any problem hearing him. His voice reverberated through the air. It seeped into the soul, that even if somehow you didn't have ears, you'd know what he said
"You've had dummies and surrogates to practice with This time it will be your Real mate." He said snapping his fingers. "That was *Really* easy" He mumbled.  He cleared his throat. "This time the demons will be real. This time should you lose your mind, you will lose your mate."
"You go too far Lord Slah-Hesh'Rra." I sneered.
I could see the thin red line that linked us That really was Willow
"No. I'm proving a point." He said summoning then pulling a lever while still in the middle of the arena. Willow was on a cushion from the palace. She looked so peaceful in her sleep. "3,2,1, Go." He said as there were clicks. The sand around her became lava 
It was around her in a ring that seemed to be growing. So this was timed too.
"Shit!" I said deciding that I should use my abilities to teleport to her, then defend her with my bow would be best. In mortal form I had the most control For 24 years and 364 days my life was me and my bow If I wasn't in torment, I was being tested 
"Here." I was tossed a bucket of white tennis balls.  I put them on my arrows, and shot each demon individually 
They came at me from all directions, multiple shapes and sizes. All species. I shot them one at a time.
Using lightning under my feet to move, then taking my shot became as second nature as breathing This was easy. I even got the little imp that tried sneaking behind me. Him I felt bad about imps are only 3 feet tall or so I broke his collarbone, and he squealed like a stuck pig.
There was no pity for him from his kin though. He earned chuckles. Even grandfather looked amused.
I didn't let my guard down though; I knew this would keep going until I had to fight the Lord of Murder.
And indeed, he charged at me, dodging my arrows. I used lightning to teleport, and he wielded two 4 foot long meat cleavers, swinging them wildly
I dodged as the crowd went wild, and I blocked both his massive swings with my bow. He was trying to shove me away from Willow and into the lava, but I wouldn't let him. At his true height, he was massive, but he wasn't as strong as me.
"Young master you fight well." He chuckled. "But you forget I have a hard head."
"That's not a good ide-" I was cut off by the loud smack of his skull forehead against my horns.
. and he cracked his skull-face.
He bowed to me in surrender and there were claps.
"I've seen enough." Said the Horned One. "Be Proud my son." He said using his magic to put Willow in my arms. He put both his hands on my shoulders. "Go be with your mate." 
I blinked, and I was in the Queens Chambers while the rest of them looked like they were even searching under pillows to find her.
###chapter 43
Willow
I blinked not quite knowing what to make of not only where I was, but also . Who I stood in front ofand the dread that came with my eyes meeting his.
This man looked like Mr. Bryson yet, even though he looked the same, he looked like he was no older than 35.  He wore black robes with glowing words on them, and under my feet was little red beads They had to be the size of sand, but they were clear like rubies
His eyes reminded me of Kaizen as well, though his whites were black, and he held red eyes. A floating crown floated between horns bigger than Kaizen's father as wellI could literally feel the aura of cruelty and power of him.. He was the Horned One there was no doubt about it
"Small mortal. My son has been tested, yet, none have tested You." He said with a sinister smile I felt crushed like his words held actual weight. Even though he whispered.
"Dear, leave the poor mortal alone." Said a sweet voice She held pale skin and blue eyes, but I'd seen her before She was the Moon Goddess and I stood before the One person I hoped I'd never meet. Her embrace felt sweet as honey. But his gave me instant fear 
I only went to her belly button, but she went only to the bottom of his chest I was a literal ant to this man
I bowed like I'd seen others do with the rest of the royalty. It doesn't get mor royal than the Lord of Night, the Lord's rival.
"Your highness, I don't think there's anything to test. Compared to all of you, I'm just a human." I said hearing him boom a laugh. I was bowed, but glancing around, I could tell even his demons were afraid.
"I think I like this one." He chuckled. He petted my head.  I know I made the right decision to be respectful. "You are mortal, yet you hold enough sway to send my General to Hell, to not only *Want* to Change, but also to *Actually* do it, not just carry out his penance." 
"Don't scare her." The Moon Goddess huffed.
" I can't help that." He complained.
While she defended me, I tried to take the opportunity to leave. All those eyes were on me. There were so many monsters in the crowd I know for a fact that I wouldn't get far, but my plan was thwarted nearly instantly.
"Don't try to escape." He growled. "Stop wiggling too." I was lifted in the air with whatever magic he had, and placed on the ground again But when I blinked I was somewhere different
This place held smooth black floors, walls, and on said walls were elegant paintings and statues They had to have been done by a professional. I think this was a throne room His throne was made for him, someone at least 14 feet tall. While hers was for someone her size.Maybe a foot and a half taller than Kaizen? Nearly, but not quite half that. They were black, carved with horrified faces so real I could swear they might blink. 
"Why thank you, but flattery will get you nowhere." He said ominously.
"See, you scare her enough that she wants to leave." She protested. "Your test is not one of might or strength yours is of your heart." She said sweetly.
"Alright." I only agreed because she asked me. And I didn't have much of a choice.
Yet I no longer yearned for Kaizen. I went from missing him to being fine. I didn't feel any particular way about him.
"You're safely in his arms. We're only holding you a few seconds of Urth's time, but down here, we may take as long as we want." She beamed.
"Yes, but we won't keep her forever dear." Said the Horned One. He sat on his throne, as well as the Moon Goddess. 
"Now I ask you In my infinite power, I could give you your old life I won't rewind time" He said with a scoff "You know what, I Would rewind time." He scratched his chin. " I would undo all this, every event, every memory."
"Husband" said the Moon Goddess quietly
"No Lulliba I must be fair." He said waving his hand, and I could see my friends and me welcomed home with a surprise party Typical mom We were going to see them before we went back to our lives It was on the other side of a portal  "All you have to do is walk through it."
Amanda and Drew were going to get married, and they both wanted a ton of kids. But as selfish as I was, they have their afterlife together.
I would teach again But I couldn't be without Kaizen. How could I leave someone who killed for me sacrificed everything, even becoming a criminal, and just embraced it. For me Risking his life too. If not for Wix, I KNOW they would have killed him before they paid him that much money. Or called his brother
"I can make it so that you and your friends arrived with you to that surprise party. I'd wipe all your memories I'd give you three compensations for the grizzly deaths and your capture. You'd win the lottery. I believe I made it 66.4 million." He smiled. "One word and you get your life back the one robbed by Kaizen After all, you were never meant to be here."
"I don't understand." I said shaking my head.
"He marked you the moment he saw you It forced the connection, one that we worked with, but you were meant to live a boring human life with a boring human."
I was silent completely surprised but not I Knew it was too good to be true, but I wouldn't let go of this now that I had it.
"I must admit I heard your prayers, being a Goddess of Love as well.. However, you are made by Arviel." She said a little angrily. "The King of the Light Court still holds rights over you because of this. Yet you are branded by my husband. You are not either of ours. So should you break the bond, you are free to be married to a human. I'll even make sure he's bound to you as my grandson was Is this fair?" Asked the Moon Goddess.
It felt like whiplash Nothing could compare. I'd never loved or had been loved like This.
"No" I mumbled.
"If you want immortality instead, I can provide that. What can I trade you?" The King of Hell asked sitting up.
There was no hesitation to my answer I stood tall, looking him in the eyes He looked offended that I stood so proud but I would be honest and I would not back down.
"I must firmly decline, your majesty."  I said this out my mouth but the words came on their own. "My whole life. I always envisioned a connection like this yet I knew my whole life that it couldn't happen Every night I wished for this bond, even when I was little . Werewolves and other immortal peoples get mates Humans get partners."
"Even if his marking stamped you before you agreed?" He asked with a raised brow he looked almost like he didn't like my answer. "You stand before a god that can give you whatever you desire, even if you wish to be a goddess yourself, and rule a realm." 
"Even if he marked me first. I still want thisI still chose him later, influence or not too. And above all. what's the point of Everything we went through what he went through today if I leave him for trinkets and titles." I mumbled. "What a spit in his face would it be to simply leave him for something as petty as money I do miss my friends somewhat, but not enough that I would forsake my forever" 
He literally served a sentence in hell because of ME We ran clear across the country only to be caught, and see him have to nearly kill his brother I'd be worse than a fool.
"Well said." He mumbled. "In this room, only truths can be said. You are good for my blood. Had you wavered even a *little* I would have sent you to whatever life you hesitated on that even with your connection paused, you still love my grandson." 
"Husband we both knew that already. Was it not you who cheered when she accepted him?" The Moon Goddess grinned he looked a little deflated.
"That's *Besides* the point. But I do wonder one thing. Little Grace has a point." He said scratching his chin. "We should turn you."
"I wish to remain as I am if it means I'll be mindless" I said again without any say so I confessed my truest thoughts in here there was no filter to say things more politely to the King of Hell.
"I Needed my children to be Vicious, cunning, and instinctual in battle" He waved his hand a large red portal showed. This had to be the future? The three siblings were shifting between human and wolf forms to fight angels. "This outcome did not happen, but it could have. But now You are the only outlier. I was going to make Kaizen's mate a demon.yet my mate jumped on you when Kaizen marked you"
"But since he didn't start on Kaizen's wife, I made you his true mate. Arviel gave your soul away so easily." She mumbled. "We worry if you remain human, he may try something."
That kind of stung they wanted me to reject Kaizen so they could-
"You misunderstand." They said at the same time, but the Moon Goddess clarified.
"We Needed to test you Humans They are more flexible than our peoples. At least, when it comes to relationships My people don't have the ability to be dumped, or 'just find another' even demons mate only One partner once they declare it so and you've only been together a short time We needed to be Sure you want this too Technically I wronged you. You were meant to die, and I felt so bad I convinced Zuviel to release your friends."
"All who die by my children are mine I traded them for you." He said simply. "But her tears were *very* convincing too." He shook his head. "What am I to do with you?"
I screamed.
He yanked me to him with his magic. I was slowly spun around and when our eyes met again, he looked deathly serious.
"You don't want to be turned, but I Can't keep you  *human*"
"Is it that bad?" I asked a little offended I Should be terrified His burning eyes seemed to be neutral 
"Arviel made you. Without alteration, I could see him using you for another one of his intricate schemes, ignoring the brand I placed Fuck, Tamriel took you to his lair and hid your presence from your soulmate..."
"But he just wanted to make sure I wasn't bad" I said looking at my feet. I didn't want to defend his actions, but I did want to stay as I was. 
"Angels and demons follow their master's orders. Don't think for a Second that that fucker Arviel didn't sit high on his throne, look down, notice You, and ordered Tamriel to do that. The flick of his wrist would slit your throat, and he'd have taken your soul to his sadistic brother and Rot in Purgatory while the end of all things raged below You'd be Humblon, the God of Mercy's *pet to pick apart* . I will not have my little ones be pawns in Arviel's silly games." He said sternly.

###chapter 44
Kaizen
I held her close to my chest, shielding her from anything and everyone that was around us I had the self-control not to give into my base drive. I wanted to run away I wanted to leave this place and return to Misfit With my pardon and my power I could be the Alpha they needed.
I held the Luna I needed.
"Welcome home." Said my mother, hugging me gently. " I know you're a man now but I still remember when you were the first to growl."
"I only visit mother. My home is somewhere else." I said letting her hug us. She was a strong woman, and I don't say I can rightly remember her crying much. Father had died when we were little, and she shed tears until he was revived back then. Those memories were fuzzy distorted. 
. But since not a single tear was shed until today.
"Do not cry for your son mother I left a man child now I am a man." I said firmly.
"Sorry I didn't get Xaxas to come sooner. But even the Horned One commanded we stay out of it." Harmony looked like she wanted to hug me too, so I put Willow down on a pillow, and gave Nixxia, Grace, and her a gentle one.
I was healed of any physical bruising, but I ached my mind and body was tired.
"I know. If I'd have been pardoned immediately, without all this without training nor repentance, I would have learned nothing. They could have Stopped at any time. They did not have to try to bring in a mindless beast, but at the same time, I should have more control." I said lowly, but they all still looked and felt guilty. They held authority, but not enough to overrule the Horned One then later the Realm King Xaxas.
Their tears attracted the attention of my uncles and father, but this time they did not hold the auras of disgruntled gods Now the three felt like regular men.
"You did well." Said Xaxas. He must have watched my final test.
"Should you ever need to be ferried, I can take you." Said Uncle Asanguis.
"I don't think I'll need that favor anytime soon, but thank you." I said returning his smile.
"Also 
"I'll take her to my room." I said knowing that she was in Tarteron. I knew this body was a shell, and she would return to me soon. I knew those things because I stopped to think rather than jump to conclusions or panic.
"As you walk your own path, son, know that I allow you three to find your own ways." Father said stoically. "And know that if you wish to return to OpalMoon any who did have a grudge have left, most forgave you though."
"Grandmother showed me that." I said taking my mate upstairs.
They gave me room and I walked slowly with her. When I got to the guest room I could feel the blood drip from my eyes I put Willow on the bed, and lit a candle for her, not thinking of myself. It served no real purpose, other than the nice scent to hopefully cover my wolfish, demonic odor.
Fuck I smelled like Rogue, demon, wolf, and blood 
"Grandfather I know you will return her." I said this silently, that I do not wake her.
. I went to flush out my eyes. I looked in the bathroom mirror, the whites of them were a proper black, not tinged coffee brown.  The red of my irises were a rich crimson
The shower felt nice, and when I got out, I put on some sweats. I didn't know what time it was, and on Willow's phone it said that it was 1:08am.
Tyson knocked on my door. I knew it was him. I just knew. 
"Brother." He said seriously.
"It's not locked.
He opened the door. He was alone. 
"I want to-" I cut him off.
"Brother I hold no grudge. You come to apologize, to see if we are square. We are." I said pressing my horns to his I let him see. It was something I learned how to do in Hell something grandfather asked of me.
"What is this?" He asked in Royal Demonic.
"A single day." I said seeing Grace. She likely scented his arrival, since the Prince and Princess floor is shared.
I also pressed my horns to hers, 
"We have no right to the secrets you learned." She said in Royal Demon, the highest form of it, spoken only by high lords who ruled entire layers, and Zuviel's generals
"I share this that you two never do what I did But also I wanted you to see for yourself that the wrong was righted. May we be brothers and sister again. We don't need a special bond to link us together, our blood already does this." I said in English. They were a little overwhelmed, but now their eyes matched mine.
. Now they could turn their mindlessness on if they NEEDED it not just whenever something stressful happens.
They shared their trials and tribulations as well Grace had to deal with being accepted as a different species, while Tyson tried so hard to establish himself as a righteous King
"Why don't you take over OpalMoon?" Asked Tyson. He saw my thoughts, memories, and penance. He Knew the reason, but he asked anyway.
"Though they forgive me, I have still as of yet to forgive myself. I have many abandoned, discarded wolves as it is."
"Come with me to release your charges." He said referring to Jack, Ace and Gilbert.
"I'm surprised Ronitus has not spoken to Gilbert yet." I mumbled.
"I already linked him to meet me in the dungeon. Where did you find an Earthen Lycan?" He asked. As far as we knew, he was the only one of his kind.
"Misfit. He was attracted to it because of me." I said casually
I could have come back and behave bitterly. It would have been my right, but I applied Ludvic's words to my own life. I would not attend any royal events anytime soon, but I would be in touch.
-----Willow----
"I think we should give her some time." Said the Moon Goddess.
"My lovely, I will not do that, not for longer than an hour or two. Her body is still on Urth." He said firmly.
That probably meant that if I didn't pick... I'd be stuck here.
"That is correct." He said kingly. 
"I wanted to spend more time with her." She complained quietly. I don't think I was meant to hear her, so I pretended I didn't.
"You had Grace. I shall handle the mortal." He said leaning in to whisper something in her ear, but her skin color changed to like a whiteish silver. She looked more like the moon. 
"I can agree to those terms my lord." She said changing skin colors again. This time she had dark skin and her hair was yellowish.
"Do not see this as a sentence." He said with a soft smile. "I cannot keep you long, as you are alive. It will not hurt; I have molded and shaped souls for longer than you could fathom." He said cracking his knuckles.
"Um" I paused. "I like the idea of being something I know about I don't want to be a vampire They are too cruel Demons are scary I also feel like their cruelty is too much. Anyone that isn't marked by you is fair game. Werewolves are split souled I think I don't want that either. Witches and elves, and other magic casters are so snobbish and conceited They think less of shifters, and I don't like that I would belong to a people who think like that I also don't like the idea of being a minotaur or other half beast, because their mindlessness is like flipping a coin and Kaizen worked too hard for that to be a problem again."
"So?" He said with a small smile.
"If I become a horned wolf. will I become mindless and attack people?" I asked.
"No." He said firmly. "Whatever you pick, I would strip that from your being, as you would be weak, and only get yourself hurt Would you mind indulging this old man little soul? I believe I have an idea. If you don't like it, I can always make you an Omega. Then you won't have powers, but I know you would hate to remain powerless. I'll make you a normal werewolf without a wolf should you not like it." 
"King of Night I humbly accept whatever form you wish to make with the Moon Goddess's approval." I said seeing him nod.
"Very well and well done. My Butterfly won't let me go too far." He said snapping his fingers, and it all went black.
###chapter 45
Kaizen
"In all my years I never thought I'd smell that scent again. Son of unshifted blood" He said the last part quietly. "Who was your father?" He asked. 'You smell like me a first generation flesh wearer" 
"He went by Arnold Emmet. I do not know more. My mother died while at sea We stowed away and got caught, but I've roamed this country ever since." He said truthfully.
"Roam no more come home with me, blood of mine." Asked Ron, the Second Seat.
"But I have a master. I go where he goes." He said firmly. "When he dies, I die When he commands, I am compelled, and I am unable to go against it." He paused, collecting his words. "Should you offend him I am not your packmate I am not your littermate I only share your blood. I cannot go where you go." He said this proudly It seemed like an honor for him to say those words.
"I would release you if you but ask Gillitus." I said seeing him bow. It would be hard to do, but I would release him.
"No master. through your power I am calm The primal urge to kill is nearly undetectable." He said as Jack silently agreed. "It is something that cannot be explained to a werewolf not one who knows the taste of control."
"I second that." Said Jack. "I do enjoy killing. So much so, that I learned how to seep into the shadows on my own with no training, nor knowledge of what it was. Death is my supperIt is my bread I would go days without eating or drinking waiting for blood, the hunt. To be pat on the back by the Reaper, for I was his entertainment while his master slept...  Their screams were, and still are my candy and no law held me. Neither wolf nor man sated this lust, but this world has become so modern even I know I will *eventually* be caught, killed, and thrown in the Pit if I had not partaken of my master's blood." 
Jack became a black silhouette and phased through the bars that were solid silver.
"Impressive." Said Tyson.
"Even Lord Ashital could not hold me. He said I was slippery as an eel and as voracious as a shrew." He bowed. "If my master pleases. Should his majesty need me, I will answer with permission." Jack said this, wanting to be useful. 
"We may have some things to discuss later then." Said Tyson.
"Your father and mother, if they were of the old times. My cousin Romulus must have lived gained flesh Shift for me." Ron said to change the subject a bit. 
Since they were pardoned, he knew they would come with me to Misfit. He could visit but he likely won't for political reasons. At least not until all the drama of my sentencing simmers down. I know even non-shifters were probably talking about this.
"Alright." Gilbert did as he was told with a nod from me. 
" Did he have green eyes?" asked Ron. "Your face looks like his photocopy." 
[As green as grass.] He said in wolf and the Second Seat nodded.
"I never thought I'd say this.You are Gillitus, son of Romulus Stone. Should you ever wish to visit Lapis or StoneMoon, you are Welcome. I'm pretty sure my son would be rather excited to see you." 
"Really? I have more family?" He asked shifting excitedly.
Ron counted on his fingers. "There's me, you, John, my grandson Harry and my granddaughter Tiffany, though she's a full witch. All of them are your full blood. Heidi, John's mate is a very accomplished Dark Witch. The Horned One only makes pureblooded creatures."
"Oh that's interesting." Said Jack. 
"Heidi and John are arriving later on today." Ron said casually.
---Willow----
I woke up running. I was in a silver field, with silver plants and even some of the animals were too Wolves who saw me bowed, and when I blinked I fell out of bed.
I yipped.
[What the hell?] I said in wolf I looked at my feet I had paws the same color as my hair thankfully the door was open, but I wanted to see what I looked like first. I walked into the bathroom.
I was a fox My eye level was the same, so I was 5 feet tall.... pony sized but on my back legs I had to be double that. I was lean and sleek with a super fluffed tail. I was one solid color, and my antlers were black They were straight but knobby like gazelle horns I'd say they were half the size of Kaizen's.
I rested my paws on the bathroom sink and bent my head down, trying to see more detail. I really liked my fox eyes. They were a sparkling ocean blue, but the whites were black. I opened my mouth to look at my white teeth and purple tongue, but I accidently puffed a little fire.
[ah!] I yelled, making the lights flicker from an electrical spark that SPREAD way too fast!
[AH!] I screamed, burning the counter and bolting out the room the room was on fire
The fire alarm blared and hyena shifters on seeing me shifted. They were Fucking Massive!
[An Intruder!] They screamed.
[Secure my brother's Luna!] Barked Tyson.
Alarms were sounded and Tyson and Kaizen were shifted together, while Grace and the golden Dragon King weren't, but they had their weapons. I tried going back up the stairs, but two women came from nowhere, using magic to put out our room
One was redheaded, while the other was black. And at the bottom of the stairs was my mate and his family.
I kind of just froze. And when I blinked, I was outside. The garden was nice, and I just kind of booked it. I needed them to calm down first I felt like if they got me, I'd be ripped apart like a damn chew toy
"They're a Kitsune!" Yelled Kaizen's dad
[Where's Luna Willow?"] Growled Shakira the Head Hyena she was almost the size of the Second Seat I only knew that because I saw him shift. The brown wolf stood next to a slightly smaller version of himself 
[Where's Willow?!] Screamed Kaizen in a rage I'd only seen once but his eyes were not as wild as they were that night.
[They're in the gardens. I'll seal them!] said Kaizen.
'THEM'?!
I was in disbelief! HOW?! Of all people who should know me, it should be my *mate*!
Why ME?! Everyone was so worked up, nobody thought to think 'hey, there's a red fox running around with the SAME HAIR COLOR as Willow!
I ran to the exit, blinking, then zipping Right past him as red lightning I didn't know what the hell I was doing!
Why did he give me powers?!! I Know I wanted to fly, but not like THIS!
I was in the air now, but I skidded to a halt, skidding on the ground because whatever I'd done to get 10 feet in the air stopped working.
The woosh of teleportation shook the ground and I was surrounded the three Princes of Hell were in front and behind, but it was Kaizen who laughed first. He shifted, teleported, and hugged my neck.
I did Not want to be a 'kitsune' anymore at this moment and my body responded nearly instantly.
"I missed you." I said shifting, and he picked me up, hugging me close to his chest.
"I missed you more." He grinned. "And you commit Arson after I Just got us pardoned." He snickered.
"But-"
"Such a *serious* crime too. Look at my castle." Pointed Tyson. There was an explosion. And everything in our room was probably ruined. 
"I won't let you take her." Growled Kaizen. His clawed hands held me gently, but firmly in place.
"Oh, I'm taking her." Said Tyson.
They stood there glaring at each other, but Kaizen didn't let me go.
They growled, and then laughed. 
"Y'all are wrong." Said Grace. She facepalmed.
"Why is the castle on Fire?!" Yelled their mother. "It smells like hellfire. Which one of you did it." 
They all pointed at me.
"Oh Come On!" I yelled. 
"Grandfather's secure." Said Harmony. "Why does it smell like fox?" She asked.
"That would be me I'm a Horned Kitsuneapparently." 
"Oh that's cool." Said Nixxia.
"I believe you did a job *Well done* ..OW!." yelled Asanguis. He got slapped on the back of the head by both his brothers. 
"That wasn't funny." Said King Xaxas, holding his laugh at my expense.
"That was funny and you know it! Both of you smile!" he snarled defensively.
"Don't tease her." Said Bryson.
"Nah he's ok I flambéed the castle.  Sorry all I did was say ah." 
"Low hanging fruit." Said Xaxas. "Kaizen, Willow, stay a day longer for a party. My treat on my island."
"Would you like a vacation?" I asked him. He looked kind of tired now that he wasn't stressing out
"Nah, but I don't mind you all coming to Misfit.  There's peace I am going to have SO much shit to do." He huffed.
"Like make a pack." Said Bryson.
"And put everyone into the MoonPak System." Added Isabelle.
"And the paperwork on all the companies there that you'll manage." Said Tyson.
"Nah, at Most, I'll buy the security company that guards Misfit so I can pay my Warriors at Worst, just shovel it out my pocket."
Everyone disagreed with that. I did too. "That's not sustainable." I said shaking my head.
"True." Said Kaizen. I realized he was still holding me. "I'm not letting you go." He sang.
"You *Still* hear me?" I complained.
"Yup." He said kissing me on the forehead.
/but now you can link me in private. I can't Wait to teach you wolf stuff Focus on thinking at me, at a normal speaking volume./
/Like this?/ I asked.
/ Bingo./ He smirked. "Since our room's ruined and my pack wolves are free, I think it high time I go home." 
"You were gone 25 years." Said King Xaxas. "I was going to make it a hundred, but I doubt you'd want to come back. With That much time you'd definitely be ruling or commanding the Layer Lords."
###chapter 46
Willow
"We're finally home baby." Said Kaizen gently. His touch was warm and comforting as he touched my shoulder, just shy of my mark spot
I hummed rubbing my eyes, and I leaned on him as he slowed to park. I wasn't expecting the neighborhood to be empty, but it was apparent why when we got home.
"Wow." I mumbled. "Did you know they planned this?" 
We parked, pulling into our garage, and there were streamers, balloons, and everyone Every single person who lived in Misfit was on the lawn. It had to be even Tamriel was there, talking with a pale woman. That had to be his wife, and the nearly identical man next to him was his son. They were both stern faced discussing something while she smiled. 
"Wow indeed No." Said Kaizen. We got out the car, and there were cheers. 
"Alpha's Back!" Waved Yuka. "Valery had her baby!"
"We'll visit her after the party." Said Kaizen casually.
"It's a girl!" Said Rick. "So many pups were born last night."
"The moon was full 5 days in a row; I'm pretty sure at least half the women here are pregnant." Said my mate. "Any who smell of citrus and grapefruit, you better start buying baby supplies."
There was a small silence before there were more cheers 
Everything was too loud and too smelly but at the same time, it was home. I I held myself from shedding a few tears. We didn't have to run anymore We didn't have to worry about the lives of all these people People who could now have families. Who didn't have to worry about their babies
I was kissed on the top of the head, and Kaizen snarled. "I see even Flora's here!" He yelled, and there were chuckles.
". Someone had to be the voice of reason around here." She huffed.
"Thank you for protecting the children." He said shaking his head. "I have been pardoned, and, damn it, hold on..." He went back to the car, pulling out paperwork in a black and gold trimmed manilla folder. It carried a wax seal stamped with their royal crest on it. "With This, not only are we pardoned, but with my authority, MisfitMoon is Officially a pack!" 
The roar of excited people made my head hurt but seeing everyone so happy was worth it.
"Today, let us celebrate and tonight, Lord willing I will patrol with those who wish to be Warriors. rest at 3am, get up at 9am, and all of you bring your paperwork. I won't close my office until every new ID is printed. And every file is sent to the King." He smiled.
"Alpha will Warriors get paid?" Asked a random werewolf. I knew instantly now what species each individual was. And if I was stronger I think Kaizen, the angels, and one more person was but everyone else scented weaker. Neat. I could also smell something spicy off the witches.. did magic smell spicy?
My thoughts got interrupted. Someone popped a cork and wine arced high in the air, but they were way too short to see who it was. They were picked up by a blue skinned man, a troll. It was Wix.
"I heard you burned the castle down young prince!" He laughed.
. I felt 2 feet tall.
Kaizen laughed, grinning at me. "No. that was Willow, Princess Willow, The Horned Kitsune did that her first shift."
Everyone laughed, at my expense of course I elbowed him. He only chuckled.
"Holy Shit I have Two in my collec- I mean Two *Allies* in my fold." He grinned ear to ear All the goblin and troll kin laughed. "Move out the way kid." He grumbled at a random werewolf, motioning the troll to move forward. People moved out of his way, and a small sea was parted for him.
"Mmhmm." Siad Kaizen. "Come speak with me King Wix. I have words to share."
The troll put him down and now, the sea of people parted way for us as we went inside my horns came out on their own; I still didn't have control over that. Nor could I process all the new smells. 
Everyone had their own scent. But oddly enough, in my head as overwhelming as all this was, and as intense as these scents were, it made me calm. Even the overstimulating sounds were welcome. It was like I knew this was where I was meant to be.
"It is." Whispered Kaizen in my ear. "You are my mate, wife, and Luna You will naturally figure out how to block this out, but I bet I could ask for a small charm to help you block thoughts."
"Sorry if I'm butting in, but I happen to have one in my office. I'll send for it." Said Wix, pulling out his phone.
"I'd like that." I said not realizing that I'd have that ability too It was so Loud.maybe I did hear others? "What about the protection charm on my wedding ring?" I asked. This thing costs literally a small fortune; it better work!
"I don't feel anything from it anymore." Said Kaizen. It shifted with you so maybe grandfather ruined the charm?"
That made sense, but our conversation was interrupted
We were handed beers, a solid plate of grilled beef, and BBQ sauce was slathered overtop. I didn't even finish my first plate, but it was so good More food was added. Ribs, chicken drumsticks, steak, and smoked ham off the grill was stacked highI'd had other food since we left but that was just generic fast food This was made with LOVE. I was distracted as they spoke. I even growled as I ate.
"Don't forget to eat the bone." Said Kaizen. "You're a fox, but the beef might not be enough to keep you full." He warned. "We digest meat much faster than mortals, but the calcium slows us down."
"Alright." I said trying, then with some effort I broke through a beef rib. I impressed and horrified myself. I could feel my fangs with my teeth It was automatically done; I didn't think about it to do it
"Try this!" I said putting a chicken drumstick in front of his mouth, and he took the whole damn thing! His little growl at the end of it made me show him my teeth. "Hey!" I complained. 
He grinned, "Oh, that's Cute. But Sorry." He said sheepishly, but he didn't mean it! Kaizen, and the other werewolves giggled at his antics.
My plate was piled high before I could continue to protest
The smell of food, scents of people I knew, and attaching faces to those scents knowing that mine and Kaizen's was mixed in on them since they were pack. that all the people carried the smallest scent of my mate. I was kind of distracted. Thankfully, those two seemed to be unaffected. I followed them up the stairs to a guest room that had the bed removed. I sat, stuffing my face I was hungry
They put a desk inside, and the three chairs, computer, and phone was likely to help him attend to his duties as Alpha. His family listed off a bunch of large tasks, but Misfit was official as of yesterday.
"Sorry I followed Alpha." Said Rick. "We wanted to surprise you with the office, but you already found it." 
"No, I'm surprised. Thank you Rick. Your idea was good." He smiled.
Rick bowed leaving, and Wix got into the guest chair. There were still dressers and bedroom stuff in here, but Kaizen didn't seem to mind. I didn't either. We could probably use that furniture to store the information we'd get tomorrow.
"Well your highness, I think I already know what you want. I want the same." Said Wix, sliding keys across the table when we sat down. "Tamriel should be up soon; it isn't often that he's allowed to be down here."
"Is it *that* bad? I haven't even been gone a full week." He grumbled.
"It is A white minotaur stalks the forest and he's being chased by Headhunters. Normally, we'd let him get killed, but he's so close, that when they get him, they'll find us."
"Oh come On!" Growled Kaizen. "I KNOW my scent is still out there; that should have deterred him from coming this way..."
"It rained after you left for a full 24 hours. We got Sentinel and Tamriel, but they won't use their powers unless their master permits itand they only protect the houses." He scratched his chin. "They said they'd contact The Man King if they need to, but I personally know that mortal. Rodrick won't deal with the mindless beast unless it endangers humans, and there aren't any here since Willow is now stamped And changed by the Horned One."
"Then after the party we could make an arrangement." Said Kaizen; they shook wrists.
"I already set it up. I live here too; so do my wife and kids." He said seriously. "The peace out here is nicer than the enormous facility we have in town ya know. But for some reason, and I don't know why I don't want you to send Jack and Gilbert to handle it. I know they could. For some reason do you think you could make it drink your blood?" He asked.
"Maybe? He's not a wolf, but all who drink become part of grandfather's fold. If it isn't possible, I'm pretty sure he wouldn't mind adding a white minotaur to his fold. That sounds incredibly rare."
"It is Minotaur are not able to be Any other color than blonde, brown, or black unless their albino and he isn't. His eyes are brown, not blue or pink." He slid his phone across the table. "Look at that shine that's too glittery for his mother to be a mortal Oh, you wouldn't know. Humans who breed with beasts make half beasts." He said honestly. "Well, any female. It just needs to be a woman and a beast, demon without a mortal form, or flesh puppet magic. Their creation is meant to originally be a punishment by the gods but some are born with minds now. It's like a coin I doubt this one has a mind, but at the same time I KNOW something this rare would have been picked up by my old man."
"That's fishy." Mumbled Kaizen. "He looks kind of familiar."
"Really?" Asked Wix.
"I know a few minotaur. Maybe one of the locals had a love child." He said scratching his chin. 
"A second-generation minotaur is like flipping two coins a third three. It gets rarer and rarer that they're stable the more they're bred." Said Wix.
"Now that part I didn't know." Said Kaizen.
"Sorry to interrupt boss and horny boss." Said a dark-skinned blue troll. He had a black jewelry box, and handed it to me before leaving swiftly.
"Thank you." I yelled so he could hear me.
I have to admit the moment I put on the small gold, black stoned necklace, the headache was gone.
###chapter 47
Willow
My husband looked pretty happy for the people, but I could feel his stress as we sat on the couch in the living room... I could do that before my powers but now it seemed like like Kaizen was another piece of me. The bond is so strong that if he got a papercut, I'd probably feel it yet he'd told me about blocking that kind of stuff.
"Boss!" Yelled Yuka. 
"Not my problem." Said Kaizen.
"I didn't hear a 'no'." Said Jack.
They were doing shots, though to be more interesting, Jack threw knives at a dart board. While Yuka initially volunteered to be in front of it. He thought they were just going to throw darts and it *wasn't* going to be Jack of all people throwing anything.
Jack whistled a tune I'd never heard before. It made the hair on the back of my neck stand up. 
"Oh shut up, I'm not going to kill you." He grumbled.
"No." Said Kaizen like a parent to a kid who wanted something they weren't supposed to have.
"See." Jack tossed it, missing Yuka's left ear by literally a hair. The next one perfectly pinned the loose parts of his hoodie and pants with the third and fourth. "Be still." He complained.
Yuka screamed. "BOSS!"
"Jack only darts." Said Kaizen.
He chuckled. "I swear I won't hurt you too much." He picked up a dart, but stopped with my mate's disapproving grunt.
"No blood." Said Kaizen before he could toss the metal tipped, old fashioned dart.
"Well damn it. This got boring." He huffed walking away. The look on his face told me he was still up to no good.
"Jack has a lot of enthusiasm." I mumbled.
"Yeah, he does, but don't worry about him. He needs permission and I won't give it." Said my mate drinking a Miller Heavy. He said they were piss water, and he'd had quite a few. There was a little pile of them in a trash can that was placed near us, and all around the living room.
"I'm going to go get some water." I said leaving the safety of my mate. 
Kaizen was in the living room, and I'd only gone into the kitchen. I didn't expect to bump into anyone. I'd blinked.
I was outside probably with my magic that I didn't know how to use. I didn't Want to be out here, but it wasn't a bad thing either.
"Have fun!" Said Kaizen. I could see him getting up through the open front door. He'd sat there for my sake, but once he saw that I was being kidnapped by 'she wolves', he likely went to get actually drunk. It was a party after all.
Gilbert stood alone, while women came to speak with me. He looked pretty lonely, and there was a small circle around him. It seemed no one wanted anything to do with the lycan. I was told that they were dangerous even to other werewolves since they were loners, and had no sense of pack.
"My goddess. I haven't spoken to you yet, but welcome Luna." Said one of the women. She had blonde hair and nearly orange eyes. They damn near glowed in the waning moonlight.
"Thank you." I smiled. "What's your names." I asked and they all excitedly squealed.
"I'm Debbie, that's Artha, and Felicity is, or rather *was* Misfit's unofficial Den Mother. Mom's a bear shifter." She whispered the last part. Debbie smelled like werewolf, but not I didn't know what creature she was. Now that I thought of it, Artha smelled like a bear but not really? 
We all shook wrists. "Hopefully when everything gets situated, you can show me the ropes." 
Her smile was a small one I could tell she was the serious kind of person. She also held an aura about herself that told me she was used to running things and being in charge. Her grizzly brown hair, no pun intended, was to the nape of her neck, yet her eyes were a strange mix of more orange than red.
"My daughters Debbie and Artha told me to come see you. I don't have official MoonPack notes, but I was thinking in the morning, that I can give Alpha what I have. We can't make real ID's, but our fakes looked pretty good" She mumbled. 
"That's good. I think I'm going to go see what Gilbert's up to." I smiled but they looked worried.
"You shouldn't trust him. He'll turn on you." Warned Felicity. They both looked like their mother, except they were shorter, with felicity being the taller sister.
"Kaizen shared his blood and bound him. He, nor jack will turn on us." I said firmly, and she still looked suspicious.
"If you go to him, we will watch. I have no problem rallying the bears." She said with a bearlike growl.
"I'll be safe." I said a little glad that everyone was ready to protect me but I still felt bad for Gilbert. They didn't want to get any closer.
I could get it though. He smelled kind of unstable and intimidating. I think my instincts went off with Gilbert, as there was a part of me that wanted nothing to do with him, but he'd done nothing to warrant that.
"Hi Luna." He said with a soft smile. He handed me a fresh bottle of water. It seemed he didn't drink either. "I don't like the way alcohol makes me feel." He said to answer my forming question.
"Thank you. It reminds me of old, terrible memories." I said as he nodded. He knew about what happened, and I chose to change the subject before he asked anything. I was fine, but I didn't think it right to be so casual about it. "Are you alright out here?" I asked a little concerned for his wellbeing.
"I'm fine." He smiled. "Lycans do not feel loneliness. We are solitary Luna." He said shaking his head. "I heard them."
"Oh, sorry." I said sheepishly. He laughed a little.
"No, I think it good that you're checking on everyone, even we unsavory lot. I even got to find out where I'm from. Ronitus texted me more about not only my father, but my mother's side, and grandparents." He said this as I followed him to a cooler, and he got another bottled water.
"I'm happy for you, and I know the pack will warm up to you." I said taking a sip. I was thirsty from all the meat and I had no idea how I managed to eat so much.
"It always bothered me that I didn't know about my bloodline, because neither of my parents spoke of the old times. I think it hurt them too much Yet here I am now, a relative of a Lower Prince, pardoned and serving his majesty." He chuckled.
"And in the morning, my name is legally going to be Ace. Hutchenson." Ace smiled, coming over for water too. "I was going to originally pick one that started with an 'A' but that's tacky."
"Ironic that I wished to find my family, yet you run from it." Said Gilbert.
"Your people didn't fuck over the original Third Seat, try to kill the King, and blackmail the Forth. They left a sour taste in the royal houses' mouths. With me as the last survivor, if not for his majesty, I'd likely already have been tortured because they can't get their hands on them now and killed to end my line." He grumbled. "To be fair, I don't think I Want to have kids, or anything 
-----Kaizen-----
I rolled my eyes seeing my grandfather hang out with Jack. They laughed, and I believe it was because he belonged to me. The Horned One didn't deal with the unredeemable at least not like this. They both had Tarteron Burbon, discussing suggestions for the Layer of Murder. 
I think grandfather intended on keeping him bound to me when I became a General.
But I let them have there fun. With the Below King here, no one else would be here. Well, maybe grandma, but if she was here, she'd likely be with-
She was trying to share her food. Holy Shit.
I had to stop this. Grandfather would probably destroy the entire pack because of a single one of her tears.
"Hold on!" I yelled, running, then teleporting to take the plate of the. The?
I didn't know what they were.burned cupcakes? There were 8 of the small 'cakes' on a plate with black frosting. And red sprinkles. They looked homemade.
Oh my Lord and Lady. They *were* homemade..
Who's sick, cruel joke was this!
No one was here to save me now.
She resisted the urge to blow her cover and hug me, but I gave her a small hug instead. Her visage this time was an old woman looking like a mortal grandma. People probably assumed that she was related to Willow.
I looked at them the frosting covered the burned tops and the frosting looked homemade. Lord. It was *all* . Homemade.
"Mmm They're so good. I'll take these."  I said 'happily'.
She clapped. "I should have made more! I'm *really* getting the hang of this!"
"You *really* are grandma.." I said taking a bite.
My dear god.
They tasted like slime on the inside. Hard as rocks on the outside Was this supposed to be *chocolate*? There was no flavor that I could detect other than 'no'. That was its flavor. *torment*.
"Zuviel said his demon lords like them." She beamed innocently. "They give them to the recovering souls, the ones they really like!" She said this with a smile ear to ear
/I threaten my Layer Lords with that one. Even my power cannot save you. Be *grateful* that I block your thoughts you little shit. / linked grandfather His link seemed to encompass my entire mind. If I tried to think a thought at that moment, I doubt I'd have been able to.
Oh my god. They smelled.
I wretched a little, managing to hide that from her. How I got all 8 down, I think I blacked that part out.
"So good. Mm-mmmm-mmmmmm." I said with a smile. The frosting tasted like Hellfire Why did she add sulfur to the sugar?
/Alpha, we need you./ Linked a Warrior. In the morning, they'd have a payroll, but for now we documented who did patrol tonight on paper.
Oh! I'm Saved!
/I'LL BE RIGHT THERE!!!/ I said way more excitedly than I should have.
/. The minotaur is back. And hunters are camping but we don't know what to do./ he linked.
"Grandmother, thank you for the meal. I need to go protect my people." I said being handed another plate.
"Take those to Zuzu." She beamed innocently. "I knew essence of suffering was a good idea. Demons like that." She smiled. She waved and he shyly, fearfully waved back.
"Really, I couldn't tell." I grinned. He did this He HAS to tell her. I won't. Her innocent eyes broken would haunt my dreams.
I handed those to grandfather. The look on his horrified face.the *regret* . Her skill put fear into the god who ruled half all there was and when I got into the forest I vomited as I shifted.  
###chapter 48
Kaizen
I ran with my wolves, who thought it funny that 'Willow's grandma' couldn't cook I didn't mind being poked at a bit, because they didn't know. I think what she made might actually have killed a mortal. They don't go around exactly eating 'essence of suffering' unless they have bland food.
I made myself chuckle at not only that, but also my wolves. This was meant to be serious, but I knew better. It was just a minotaur with a fancy colo-
[Holy shit, he's the same size as Me on my hind legs.] I said halting to a stop.
He was glittery and sparkly, covered in a thick layer of old blood on his white fur he smelled of bull and aggression. I doubt he had any kind of mind, but I tried anyway.
I shifted to speak English. I knew he wouldn't know wolf, and I didn't know half-beast.
"Surrender and have the protection of MisfitMoon, refuse and die by my lightning." I warned, letting it crackle across my skin.
He looked surprised, as if he understood language for the first time,  then he fearfully looked at his hands, finally, he ran. His hooves left heavy prints in the soft earth, and some of my wolves ran after him, while others stayed with me.
"Well shit." I grumbled.
I shifted again, linking my Warriors. /I want you guys to keep him away from the pack. Were are the Hunters?/ I asked, and one on my left spoke up. I had a total of 10 with me while Jack and Gilbert stayed home. I needed them there in case something happens.
The other creatures were ignorant, but more importantly, I knew my grandparents wouldn't aid me. They were here for the party, not to babysit.
/It's headed right for them. / Linked one on my right, a stocky brown furred wolf.
/Then I want the rest of you to branch off. Cover me. Any who know how to use a firearm, be ready to snatch one. They're going to have not only silver, but likely silver swords too because they need to behead him to kill him. Bullets only piss them off./ I linked this while sniffing the familiar scent of the beast
/Yes sir!/ They all linked around the same time.
It wasn't long before we heard gunshots, screams and roars.
"Don't just stand there, Shoot!" Screamed their commander. He was a gruff older man, who wore a red beret and old military clothes the government changed the way uniforms looked some years ago, but if I had to guess, I'd say his stuff was from the 1990's... and by the looks of it, a costume. The rest were in combat pants and green t-shirts. Some had regular sneakers
They weren't coordinated They behaved nothing like the militaristic mortal Hunter packs.
"Lieutenant Danniel help!" I could kind of make out that there were 10 of them, all firing every direction in the woods.
"Private Ryheem No!" said I assume Lt. Daniel. Private Ryheem was tossed in the air, nearly landing at my feet. When I got there, I saw he had no legs. The minotaur took them clean off with a single swipe, and the man passed out. They were going to die out here Had they been in town, I almost wondered would Tamriel and Sentinel do anything.
Then an idea formed 
[I'm going to save your friend.] I said cauterizing the wounds. They didn't understand, but they didn't shoot with me close to their living friend. [Take him to the infirmary.] I said seeing my wolves. Look more than shocked.
[Your highness. Why?] asked Warrior Hibbert, a stern gray furred, silver eyed wolf. I only knew who he was because of the badge he wore around his neck. I need to order more of those once we get the system up. 
[Tamriel is stationed here to protect *mortals* I mean to keep maybe 4 or 5 in the cells. We'll sort out who lives later.] I said firmly, and they nodded.
Many of the humans only saw a glimpse of me since I was so fast, but when I came out the shadows proper, they freaked out.
"Holy Shit! What the Hell is *That* ?!" They all more or less screamed and started shooting at me.
I shifted, letting the flame between my horns flicker. "Mortals you trespass. I am Kaizen, Demigod of the Horned One." I said because I doubted they knew anything of my father, or details on my uncles  "Begone." I spat.
One of them picked up a radio. He was the one who had military ranks on his shoulders. I'd seen a few mortal movies here and there to know that.
He was first.
With a teleport, I was in front of him They were all a little taller than Willow it took no effort to snap the arm that held his radio. I'd kind of done it on accident, and I just held him in the air a bit by the throat. His body dangled while their aim was so terrible, I didn't have to really dodge. He clawed at me with dull human claws.
"You guys. Why are you even out here?" I plopped him on the ground, and he ran back to his people. None of them were dead yet. And I didn't smell any supernatural blood. So they hadn't shot anybody 
"Like You'd want to know." Said Lt. Daniel. "Fire!" He yelled.
. Now that I had to get close, I did have to be careful. At point blank, I noticed that they didn't smell like Hunters nor did they really look battle hardened but honestly it didn't really matter. Under the moon they would die, and when they awoke, they would be on whatever layer they belonged.
I teleported to each of them, taking their weapons out their grubby little paws. It was hard not to break their bones, but I did that to a few of them. I think about 4 out of the 10 were injured from me, and they ran to their trucks, but without long distance weapons, they were honestly no match. The tires got slashed by my wolves, and those who thought the tin can would save them were wrong.
My Warriors weren't just standing there watching either. They made sure they didn't escape, and those who continued to track the minotaur howled his location.
One by one as they were disarmed, they were taken away to the cells. They weren't Bad just like an incredibly small county jail We could have something more humane arranged later. I wouldn't destroy this solution. It was obvious they were humans that didn't know what they were doing.
Last was their leader. He didn't have the scent of a Hunter, nor an X on his soul either
Perfect. No one could argue against helping the town with them in it.
Next was the familiar beast. I became a streak of red lightning He wasn't that far but he had a club the size of a small tree. That caught my attention. I might have been fast, but the way he wielded it, and with how large it was, I know I'd get genuinely hurt.
I shifted to speak English. It seemed more of my Warriors were here to help, and he was kind of surrounded in the light patch of an almost forest clearing.
"Minotaur, I didn't come to kill you like the humans. They looked like a bunch of dumb hicks who saw you, and thought that they could catch or kill you. I mean to make you pack." I said firmly. "On my blood and honor, if I defeat you in fair combat, do you agree to partake of my blood?" 
He nodded, raising the makeshift club in a combative pose. He snorted, but I could tell it was half-beast. He didn't trust me enough to shift, and he attacked.
He roared and I did as well. I barely dodged the mighty swing that shattered not only his weapon, but the tree it hit. Pine needles and splinters flew like rain in a thunderstorm, while I had to dodge those too. He wasn't like the mortals. He knew what he was doing.
He wildly clawed at me the instant his weapon was gone, and I dodged between his slash to give a half-strength headbutt. I just couldn't get good footing, but he knew that, and didn't let up.
I snapped, biting his arm, but he didn't flinch. The taste of testosterone and old, dried blood didn't make me stop either I could barely taste anything to be fair. He snorted steam, and bellowed a grumble I couldn't understand.
It was probably shit talk, but it didn't matter 
He punched me hard enough that I impacted another tree, and it took the wind out my lungs. Compared to him, the humans were comedic relief He jumped high in the air and our horns met with a crash that took the wind out my lungs, but I did not buckle. This time we were both on all fours, while I was still dizzy and dazed.
I knew if I let up, he would kill me. The shockwave ran through the forest, and neither one of us lost ground. He was truly a formidable foe. I would respect this fight and I wouldn't use my powers. I could have essentially tasered him and forced him to drink, but it would not make him a loyal soldier it would make him a slave. I wanted my people to be free to choose free to request freedom. In death they will be my demons, and in life they serve the pack.
I roared, smashing heads with him again, but my horns were made for ramming, while his were for goring. He tried angling his long white horns to try to get me, but he couldn't because I was nimbler.
He grabbed my horns, being burned by the flame between them. He snarled, going back to what he thought was working.
He growled backing up to run again, but this time I dodged to the side.
"Olay!" Said one of my Warriors. They were confident that I'd win, but I didn't let their banter distract me.
[really?"] I growled.
I jumped on the back of his neck, but it was too thick to scruff like a wolf. I had to dodge clawed hands while he snorted steam. I held on while he bucked and shook violently, unable to reach me. I shifted and dug my claws into his neck, getting his spine and he froze.
"Submit or I will end you right here." I growled.
I could feel his head bow I let go, hopped off, and bit my wrist.
He hesitated, but I saw his reddish eyes dilate It looked like he'd never had meat before. 
###chapter 49
A/N: Warning: there may be graphic images of **math** in this ###chapter.
Kaizen
With a single gulp of my blood, he fell on his hands and knees.
He shifted, looking like. Jerold before passing out. 
"Well I'll be damned." I said looking at the strange pattern of moles on his back. They were three in a row, like the star constellation Orion's Belt. "He's the son of the King of Halves." There was no doubt about it.
"Are you sure?" Asked a wolf.
"I'm sure. His mortal form's literally identical." I said with a firm nod. "Get us some pants."
He was pale as paper, sporting glittering white hair in his mortal form, while Jerold was much tanner, with brown fur but the eyes were the same so were his features. The King of the Minotaur and other half beasts was homosexual as far as I knew. He had Noah, a mortal soulmate since before I was born This bull had to have been born before that. Cheating on true mates wasn't possible. There isn't even an attraction to other people once the bond is initiated.
I picked him up and he had to basically borrow a spare pair of my sweats before I carried him. I slung him over my shoulder. He wasn't hurt, as his thick neck was already healed.
"That man's got some beef." Joked Warrior McViolet. 
I was getting better at names. He lived about 3 houses down from our packhouse, being a black furred male with green eyes. He stood there in mortal form, being a dark skinned man with straight hair that went to about his shoulders.
"Very funny." I said rolling my eyes. 
The forest walk was peaceful, and I made my way pass the 'hunter' camp. The 3 witches. I believe a total of 8 witches made a Very small coven here, though many of them had different gods that they drew power from. They were growing trees, levitating bullet casings and making it look as if no one was ever there. The tire tracks were also being removed, being covered with fresh growing grass through magical means.
"How long until you're done?" I asked casually, not losing my stride.
"Oh, maybe one or two more hours?" Said the one who adorned stereotypical witch clothing. Her hat had her name on it. It was Chelsea. Her blue hair was so electric it nearly glowed, but her smile turned into a huff. She was embarrassed by her mate.
"Hi baby!" Waved Bob excitedly. He'd sworn to me the first day I arrived in Misfit.
"I'm Working!" Chealsea complained, getting giggles from the others.
There were laughs and spirits were light, but I knew now I had to deal with another King. I'd made his son mine I Knew Jerold. We called him Uncle He couldn't have known that he had a child running around like this. 
After all, he adopted Queen Harmony's mother, Aunt Mini when she was a small pup. Mini grew up with my momHe's in half of my family's photos with Noah Queen Harmony calls him grandpa. Jerold loves us, taking us in as his real family He adopts troubled pups from all races, even mortals, and gives them a second chance. Hell, I even encountered a random mortal at a gas station raised by him He wouldn't abandon a child 
Either this bull deserved it, or his mother kept him secret.
That was more than likely the case, since his fur glittered almost like a unicorn's. Who was his mother? If she just dumped him out in the wilderness, she was likely a shit person. 
But then at the same time, I don't know the circumstances. Maybe he was kidnapped, he was a prince after all I could hear their links to each other on how serious I looked, but I chose to address it later. I needed answers first.
We walked to town, but I couldn't' put him in a cell. The humans were in there, but I didn't want to kill any in case the injured ones got sick. Illness can kill mortals; better we have someone on standby to make sure they're alright and in the clear, than him shit and eat them. 
I wasn't sure if buying farm raised humans would count seeing as how they're not made to really know or do anything other than be fodder. They even smell more enticing than normal humans.
"Where are you going boss?" Asked a troll. "I can take him off your hands." He bowed as I walked past, but I shook my head.
"I got him. He'll wake up bound to me, so he won't freak out if I have him." I said seeing the lights. We were in town in no time. 
"Alpha, you didn't kill him?" Asked Jack. 
"We can carry him." Said Gilbert. They likely sensed the new soul that had been added to grandfather's fold... the new Warrior bound to me.
"No, as I've told everyone else. I got it." I said casualy.
Not a word was really said after that, but I came home to the packhouse dying down. The party was still boisterous, but simmered because many had left. Maybe 60 or so were still in the front and backyard collectively.
Willow was with a bear shifter and her pups on the couch.
"Who's that?" Asked the former, unofficial Luna of this place, Falicity. Her daughters, Debbie and Artha were wolf hybrids, as their father was kind of a pseudo-Alpha. No one took the role seriously, but they did work with Tamriel and Sentinel closely. Patrick was a strong gold furred wolf, but of course, the day I arrived, he was smart and surrendered.
"I rightly don't know. The minotaur passed out before he could talk, the jail's full, and I mean to interrogate him a bit. He looks too much like the King of Halves not to." I said as he groaned in his sleep.
I thought it best to move him upstairs and he could lay in our office The attic would be converted to the Alpha floor and more rooms, since it was the size of the house like the basement. For now however, it would have to do.
We gave him blankets and he looked pretty comfortable now I had to send the photo of him to Jerold.
My phone rang Immediately.
"What's this?" He asked.
"I think your son. He was running around in the woods, and I gave him my blood I Can't tell if he's mindless I just... kind of defeated him and took the hunters that chased him into custody.
The line was silent.
"What's wrong?" Asked Noah. I could hear him in the background. 
"I think Uncle Jerold has a son." I said knowing I was on speaker. "Look at the photo I sent."
There were shuffling sounds, and Noah gasped.
Jerold spoke in half beast, and Noah was fluent. He knew what his mate said.
". I think I'm inclined to agree with you. We'll catch a flight tonight." Said Noah. "You broke him." He said with a huff.
"You aren't mad at Uncle Jerold, are you? He passed out before he could talk, but I know this had to have happened before you two were together."
"I know that It's just a little much." He mumbled. "We'll be there tomorrow."
"Later Uncle Noah. Don't let his brain explode before he gets here." I chuckled. 
I looked at him asleep Jerold's reaction spoke volumes.
-----Willow----
It was organized Chaos in the office. It was 3pm, and Kaizen was hungover, but being a good sport about it The line was still  out the door, while the man who Kaizen defeated slept still it was like he never had the peace to go before. Maybe that was the case?
"Pay attention." Said Kaizen kissing me on the forehead. "So you put in the information here, and then when you press F4, the popup should ask you if you want to print a new ID with the paperwork." 
It was pretty straightforward, and it kind of reminded me of traditional office work, what I did while I was in school.
Identification that was legitimate could be scanned with a little scanner borrowed from the security office, but otherwise, information had to be put in manually. A lot of the supernaturals were older than Kaizen by hundreds of years. Those over a 500 all had vellum, papyrus, or even stone tablet documents mixed in with traditional paper. You could see the progression of record keeping.
"I'm next." Beamed Jack with churros "Have one." He offered, having no documents at all
He handed us both one and I gingerly took it. To be fair Lunch was on its way via Gilbert, since he offered. We managed to put him in the system and update him. He looked so proud; he even bought a wallet to put it in.
Jack waited so long that he went to the store, got food, and was almost finished. That wasn't uncommon though. Many people were kind enough to hold someone's spot, while someone else got food for themselves, and the good Samaritan.
"I'll have to handle his. He's so old, that his files might not pop up. When was the last time you were processed?" Asked Kaizen.
"Uh, I think 1890? I was arrested, but I'm sure they have it updated since then." He said casually.
"I found it." Said Kaizen. "Jack you're lucky I bound you you've killed so many."
"OOO, how old am I?!" He asked Excitedly. Those who were already processed were also curious
He was born in BC times Jack predated written history. "It says you were born 15,528 years ago." I mumbled. 
It had to have been an estimate, but then again, I saw the Realm King for myself, met the Horned One, and the Moon Goddess why am I surprised?
"Neat." He beamed. "What's my body count?" He asked.
"I wasn't going to open your criminal records, but now I'm curious too." Grumbled Kaizen. "What the fuck. I'm not telling you; you'd be Proud of it."
5,115,952 deaths 76,504 injuries Maybe he really did kill someone nearly every day. All of those murders were supernatural, about half of which were found outside pack territories. They also counted Roguesthere was a PDF file of victim photos stemming from the early 1900's.
 Jack was a problem.
He never had a registered mate Never owned a home. But his original pack was RoyalMoon It meant that he likely originally worked for the original king. I wonder did he just snap, or was he always like that?
###chapter 50
Willow
With a great gasp, the man with white hair woke. He made sounds I didn't understand, but somehow. I knew it was a language.
"Del deeya eh hean, ehf-hen heh" he said through a strange jumble of sounds and mouthing his words overdramatically.
"Uh. Doogle Translate might help." Said Kaizen. He looked firmly at the computer we shared, and I can't lie I got nosy. I didn't know there was a translation app for the supernatural languages too, but it seemed to confirm that it was a supernatural internet service provider first. I could only guess that if you weren't, you'd never see this additional feature 
They worked Really hard to make sure humans stayed ignorant to this world
He texted Gilbert to find the oldest half beast he could, and typed in 'You're safe, wait a moment for a translator.' In the computer I couldn't make heads or tails on how it was supposed to be said, seeing as how the language looked like Greek, but I doubted that it would sound like it.
"Um, .Neh-yah, ek eeban Eppi naya tol- lev viphios..." Kaizen said like he was questioning if he said it right. He spoke with growls, though the man nodded, sitting cross legged in Kaizen's sweats.
He remained seated while we got the last person sorted It was now 4:30. Kaizen wasn't done. We'd have to do more of this tomorrow, but we were pretty productive. I lived in a small town of 20,000, but for supernatural people, packs this size was more common. 
Really, an Alpha ran only a few families, as there were only a few peoples out there in number. In total, there were 952 residents according to the census, and adding who we brought to the number along with those who came to join the pack even when it was unofficial. Kaizen's name and reputation was enough.
"I am Elder Asmondi, son of the bull demon Lord Essel, and the mortal Tytifahn." Bowed the pale, Arab man coming in.
The translator came, looking shocked, bowing on bended knee, muttering something to the white-haired man. He was probably as wide as an 18-wheeler, and just as tall. Well compared to me. The black haired, pale man's height was probably shorter than Kaizen's shrank form but not by much Being short meant that even some of the kids were bigger than me.
"Well that *really* confirms it." Said Kaizen. "What's his name Asmondi?"
There was a small conversation, and the minotaur grunted, standing. "He has no name it seems we are able to be awakened by your blood my lord." Bowed the elder. He held the stern, scarred look of a seasoned warrior. And old, dented cuts around his neck, despite his youthful face. Those weren't wrinkles; those were scars.
"Then if you know of any more bring them to me. We will no longer cull them. They shouldn't have to be put down like cattle if I can provide a solution." Said my mate firmly.
"Would you do this for my son?" Elder Asmondi asked. "He he's in the basement below the dungeon My son Domitri is harmless, though he is a third generation. I had not the heart to slay my own kin." 
"I will. It also seems." He paused as if he didn't want to say it. "It seems I am here for a reason indeed My brother protects the shifters my sister rules the dragons. And I am to take in the outcast the useful, yet abandoned, mindless, misguided, and sinner are to be claimed by me." He mumbled.
His words held an unseen weight in the silence after Asmondi translated to the white bull. 
I could understand his hesitation to be anyone's saving grace, since he was only saving them from death on Urth. His blood marked them for Tarteron.  So it was likely a very good thing that he was conservative on using it.
"This place stinks of barn, demon, and dog." Said a woman who was downstairs, completely offended.
"Watch your fucking mouth Ami!" growled Kaizen. "That's the Fae Queen Diana's daughter. Her real name's I think Amili'lila-anmiya or something, so they generally dumb down their names to be easier to remember" He said to me, pulling me closer to him.
"Where is it?! Who Dares Besmirch my mother's name!" Princess Ami screamed at the top of her lungs.
"Nobody summoned *You*, you dumb bitch." Snarled Kaizen, standing up. "If you come up here with your bullshit." He warned. His eyes changed from the regular whites of his eyes to black, along with his composure, and small size. The bull looked nervous, so for peace, he didn't finish.
I didn't hear any steps, as when she came through the door, she was still floating. She had butterfly wings, having glittering purple hair and reddish, yet pale skin.
"What the fuck are you talking about Princess Ami?" Said Kaizen.
"I *knew* an *animal* was behind this!" She yelled. "My mother would *Never*."
"Ami you better not be up there making problems! I only let you come because you swore you'd behave!" Screamed a man who did stomp up. 
He was massive, and with a full kneel, the elder Asmondi made way for who had to be the king of minotaur. He had on aviator shades, and when he took them off, his brown eyes were actually a reddish brown. He snorted, being identical to the white haired man. A smaller, curly blonde man was with him. That had to be his mate, Noah I think.
"My Mother would Not Have something by by You!" She screamed. "She would have been more responsible than to birth something like that!" She pointed at the Kings son.
His growl sounded deeper than a wolf's.. maybe an octave lower than Kaizen.
"Little girl, it would be wise to move." He said with a glare that could slice meat. She did as she was told, and I could smell his anger it reminded me of nothing I'd ever experienced. 
He said something to the man in his language, and it was responded to. "Is his mother Diana?" Asked Kaizen.
"Yeah. I'd been with other people when we broke up but he carries her scent. Had Ami had a nose like us, she'd notice." 
She fell to her knees, shedding tears and screaming. "My mother would not have *something* like this! I won't stand for it." 
"Then go stand out-fucking-side. Diana will be here in about 3 minutes." He snarled. "I can't believe it myself My people are usually drowned at birth, smashed by rocks chained up in dungeons because their parents don't have the will to set the mindless free." 
"As they should be! Your people were meant to be bastard warnings, a myth made true for those who lust after the barn! My mother made you a pet because she missed father, and became attached to the first thing she saw!" Ami yelled, and he closed his eyes. With a steam filled snort, he pinched the bridge of his nose.
All the while. Asmondi translated
"Even if that is so, it is not your place to say such things." Said Kaizen. "You say that to stab a dagger in my uncle's heart how Ugly you are." 
"Why did I let you ride with us." Said Noah. The King stopped his mate from holding his arm. 
"Don't touch me Noah I might need to go outside." He said holding his hand up to stop his mate. His hands were clawed. "I I don't want to hurt you on accident."
"I've seen enough. Get out." I said standing up.
"And who do you-" She was stopped by my mate.
"Go!" Pointed Kaizen.
"Animals." She growled, showing her true colors for all to see I didn't even know her I knew the term 'bitch' was a higher swear than any other to the wolves, and she deserved it.
Her photocopy slowly stepped up right after her, and as they passed each other I could hear them talk in their language, and her daughter started crying.
"Let me see him." Said who had to be Queen Diana. She looked like the epitome of grace and perfection, wearing a yellow sundress that reflected yellow on her clear, iridescent wings.
"You're a piece of work." Said Noah.
"What can I say?" She said angrily. "I was left alone by your husband, running a kingdom of fae who would have smothered him in his crib thinking they were doing me a favor!" She yelled. "I brought him all the way to this continent, still recovering from birthing, a-fucking-SHAMED of what came out of me!" She yelled.
I slapped her.
Her sinister sneer didn't make me back down. "I don't even know them I don't know anything about you, but I know a LIAR when I see one! You sound like your daughter. Are you so high and mighty that you couldn't love your own son? How can you stand there and call him *it* and *thing* so casually in front of his face?!"
"Had he been born in flesh, I would have kept him." She said coldly.
"Even now you sound like you're talking about your nails getting done!" Noah screamed back he pointed his human finger in her face, while the Minotaur King stood there, glaring at his son. I couldn't make out what he was thinking.
"I WAS ALONE!" She Screamed. "You don't know what it's like! The Sneers, the Looks, the Talk while my belly was full.. Diana, Queen of Fucking Beasts of the Field! What we had was meant to be a gods damn fling but I did love my child!"
"I can't tell!" said Noah pulling his hair. "You were with Jerold during the Fucking WAR! He can't even speak." He pointed.
"I can I just don't have any words." He said with an anger that filled the room with its venom. He said this calmly. "He had no mind Diana. I would have kept my son regardless of his condition. But this is Better. We were meant to be a punishment by the god of Mercy. If you didn't want your womb's curse to breathe, you should not have enjoyed me so much." He said turning from her. He didn't even want to look at her I don't understand what he said to his son, but he said something back.
"He doesn't even have a name." Hissed Noah. "You name even your gods damn plants. You did what you wanted with my mate, and used him like a sex toy Throwing away the consequences of your fun. Why did you even come here?" 
"I wanted to see but now I've seen. I ask that you-"
"You may ask for Nothing." Said Jerold. "You had everything you ever wanted, yet our child suffered in the cold and in fields living as the animal you see us as eating fucking grass. Go be with your fae children. Pray you never need them." 
"I didn't want this. You have to believe I did it out of concern for him." She mumbled.
"Had you been concerned, you'd have put him in an orphanage, the one ran by my mother for the calm ones.... Even if he wasn't, at the age of a newborn she could have Easily tamed him. You'd have given him to me, or Ash, or Hadeon. I know he'd have Loved my son in his collection, and Wix is the same. You did what you wanted, forgetting him, thinking he died by the wild animals a long time ago. He smells like Forest Guardian My son was fucking raised and protected by spirits! You threw him a continent away like his life was Garbage!" He snarled.
With a pound of his fist, the wall connected to the bedroom held a whole about 8 feet around.
She took two steps his direction to try and soothe him, but the boom of his voice made me and Kaizen step back.
"Don't fucking touch me Fae." He snarled. "It's taking everything I have not to shift in this room. Go home. You saw what you wanted to see."
"I did" She said pulling a stone out her pocket. She kissed it and disappeared.
It was silent a long time The only thing to be heard was the ticking of the clock on the floor under the rubble.
"I'm sorry uncle." Said Kaizen.
He walked to Kaizen, and hugged him. 
"Do not apologize." He said pulling away, and his stern face He looked like he held tears. "My son without you would have eventually been on someone's wall." He looked at him, rumbling something in his language. "My son. I always wanted children. I feared it too All my life I tried to be the father for the lost, for they had no one to go home to I was their home. I was their respite, while my blood roamed without a mind How selfish she was. How Stupid I was.." he face palmed. "His name shall be Alavastros, the Prince of Halves."
"That's a good name." Said Kaizen.
"It has to be." Said Jerold.
###chapter 51
Willow
An hour had to pass before the King of Halves was alright. He shifted outside being at least 13 feet tall. He was covered in thick black Greek tattoos like the scrollwork on pottery.. It was around his tail, and on his back were three dots like his son, though they glowed red. 
I learned that was the birthmark passed from hiss father, and that his mother still lived. She ran an orphanage on the island of Antipaxas. Where his castle resided. I looked it up. That island was small and uninhabited for the most part on Doogle. Yet I knew better. That place was a sanctuary for his kind and it hurt him. It could not be denied that something like this wouldn't stress someone out.
The King walked in sporting an appendage that dangled to his knees It wasn't arousing, but it was  Surprising to say the least He had a pipe between those legs.. Holy Shit.
He chuckled. "I see you're still not used to the nudity part." He got his pants off the floor, and shimmied them on.
"Boo." Said Noah with a thumbs down. 'Bring back the King of the Half Pipe." 
"Can you understand him?" Asked the King, and we both shook our heads. He ignored his mate's nonsense, while Alavastros hadn't said anything, nor had he touched his burger. He kept sniffing it.
"He doesn't know English, Elvish, or Wolf." Said Kaizen, sharing his meal with me. Lunch was late, but we all wound up getting burgers from the grocery store.
The wall was being patched too, but what couldn't was how the King felt. He was rejected by someone he loved and found out that his child was abandoned on purpose Now that same son was Marked by Kaizen, but given a mind.
"He has horns I could share what I know." He offered.
"You own him whatever you think is best." Said King Jerold stiffly. "I mean no ill nephew this is just a lot." He said putting an ice pack to his head that was given to him by his mate. He translated Kaizen's offer, and Alavastros nodded.
 "I do not see my fold as anything less than pack." Said Kaizen firmly. "I know you know that, I just wanted to say it." He said getting up. 
He kneeled and pressed his horns to our new pack member Jerold watched sternly.
"What a way to meet. What's your name little vixen?" The King asked gently.
"Willow Charred sir." I said seeing him nod. 
"Sorry about the news article." Said King Noah. "We could have told the world of the way things truly work. But for the peace of free humans all over the world, and to prevent nuclear war, Xaxas deemed the world remain secret." He said casually.
"I know it's probably the right thing. I saw one of the farms. I saw 'man meat' in the grocery store. Nobody would be ok with that. They would likely lobby for the farm humans' release, and I knew they have to eat or drink blood or whatever. So without farms I know creatures would go back to what they knew. Laws would be made to try and make them- no... us second class citizens." I mumbled.
"No it would be that way for the mortals." Said Jerold. "The master of this world He would be as he was in the old times Mortals in his eyes are meat. They would be treated like meat. This world under his rule would war itself into medieval times. His powers are absolute, that isn't an exaggeration either."
"I could kind of feel that even before I was turned." I admitted. 
"If he really wanted, he could let a broadcast be known and shut it all down, make the bombs and factories disappear, and plunge this world into dark times"Said Noah, taking a cup of coffee from Warrior Hazi. "But he does not because of Queen Harmony, her love for humans, and the sorrow it would bring his mother as well." 
"Um." Said Alavastros. "I know the language now." He said shyly. He was handed a fresher burger, but he looked confused. "Can I eat this?" He poked it gingerly. "IS THIS COW?!"
"IT'S PORK!!!" yelled Kaizen lying, but the realization hit him.
"IT'S NOT!!! PEOPLE EAT COW! YOU'RE ALL EATING COW!" He streamed, and Jerold sheepishly slid his plate away from himself.
I put mine down tooThis was bad planning.
"We only take a form that looks like a cow you're not a cow. Minotaur are our own people ." Aditted Jerold. 
"I still Can't I just have grass?" He asked looking at it suspiciously.
----Kaizen----
I saw his memories They were mostly peaceful He ate grass with the Forest Guardians, spirit animals who protect wild, old areas, herding him across New England, ever westward, so he was hidden They used groves made by elves in the night, and portals made by fae for thousands of years Most who saw him thought he was a spirit too from a distance.
They existed to keep the forests healthy and blessed. The death of one kills their lands to the point to where even wooden homes rot, and crops fail so his glittery white fur protected him from the supernaturalsWhite beasts are protected in every country, so he was protected from humans too. Though he was only Half bull. That protection left the moment he stands on two legs.
 Now I had to deal with him freaking out about cows
"If you wish to graze, we can arrange grain and hay but you're missing out." Said Uncle Jerold.
"It looks good and all, and smells it too. But some of my friends were cows. I knew they disappeared a lot but I thought it was because they just died not this." He said sadly. "But just as the Great Moose told me." He mumbled.
"What'd he say?" Asked my mate. She used her linking power for about the 4th time ever to ask them to round up some bread, rice, and tofu. Those grains would be too rich for him right now.
"All that lives must die, and the dead feed the living." He said firmly. He even sounded like Jerold, though he was not as stern, being gentle spoken.
"Aye." Said my Uncle Jerold. "I know some of the centaur and unicorns might have some hay. But as a minotaur, you can eat meat too. If you want stuff like tofu and vegan human meals, you'll have to ween yourself onto it."
Alavastros nodded. "I understand." He said being handed straw by a submissive centaur. He couldn't chew it in his human form. "Bleh." 
About a half a bale was brought too, making the office smell like grass.
Jerold chuckled. "Do you have any tofu Equstin?" He asked, knowing his name. The tall, milk chocolate-skinned man with mostly black wavy hair bowed, but I'd seen his true form. The four white patches in his hair were actually the color of his lower legs.
"Yes sire." He bowed.
"In the meantime, hay tastes better with a little salt, herbs and spices. You can cook it, fry it with other veggies, and fruits. If you don't mind Kaizen, I think I'll stay a bit to help him out." Said Jerold.
"Of course. The only issue will be space. This house is big, but not the size of a true packhouse. The attic is mostly empty I bet a bed could fit up there until we truly convert it." I smiled.
"I don't mind that at all, do you Noah." He asked.
"You know my answer." He said shaking his head. He leaned on him like Willow does with me, and I know it calmed Jerold down to pet his soft, mortal hair Even now, Willow's hair was still soft, and her scent soothing
"Then let's go downstairs hmm, my treat." He said getting up. He took the hay from his son, and we all followed him. I did out of curiosity, and to see that he got a pan from a cabinet. "I'm going to borrow some stuff. If it belongs to anybody, I'll replace it." He said but everyone offered.
After all we were wolves. We would have heard even without the yelling. He put the grass in the pan with an onion he was given. It absorbed the oil and fried as he added garlic, some leftover rice, and some vegan protein supplements he'd gotten from Elder Asmondi.
Alavastros looked intently as his stomach growled. He was handed a plate and sat at the table. All the while everything that was happening was a first for him Everything, even being inside a home, yet alone sitting like this, having a human form 
I almost felt bad for him, but he as a fellow Misfit would be fine. No one would mind his diet either, as we already had creatures here like unicorns who would have similar diets. My burger was cold, and we'd left the food we waited for so long on our desk I sighed.
The garlic was making me hungry.
"Here Alpha." Said Jack. He'd brought our food down without being asked to.
"Sorry Alavastros, as you eat cud I need meat." I said glad that I didn't have any raw on my plate right now. That would be graphic for him. "Oh, and I need to say this; most of us eat meat, even men. No one would lay a paw on you though." I said seeing him smile.
"I've had friends that were foxes. I know." He said taking a bite. "This is good."
"It's grass stir-fry. I used to make this during the war. With much less seasonings." Jerold's chair creaked under his weight.
On the outside he shared a meal with his son I knew this hurt him. I knew as a son, and how I saw my father, I could not imagine being cast out by my own blood at birth His great sin was being born to a snobbish magic caster.
They were a strange lot They worry so much about the quality of their bloodline that they literally and figuratively stab each other in the back for a modicum of power Diana has that As Queen she could have changed the culture of her people.
As a Queen, they kneel to her. They were protected by her and her powers. She led them during the War of the Tyrant, yet. When it came down to it, she Wouldn't protect her own blood. 
"Don't look so glum." Said my uncle with a forkful of grass. "The initial shock and stress is over let us make this troubling time joyful. You shared everything you could about wolves and your life, let me tell him mine."
"I would like that." He said bowing his head. 
Alavastros sensed the aura of his father. He was strong in his own right but Jerold held power that even I would have trouble besting He sat tall, being stoic, yet encouraging for his son's sake. After all, he found out the thing that a lot of half beasts do that they're unwanted a punishment shit.
###chapter 52
Willow
It was 6pm, and I was in the living room. Kaizen and the King were outside with Alavastros, while me and Noah were inside. He had a bagel with cream cheese, but my stomach was kind of upset. The burger and fries were greasy, something Kaizen had already warned me about, even before I was changed. The news was background noise, as neither me nor the King's husband paid any attention to it.
"You look a little green." Said Noah.
"I'm alright. Just a little upset stomach..." I admitted.
"That used to happen to his mother when she was small. She knew to feed him the wild diet; you likely need it too." He said casually.
"It isn't grass is it?" I joked. He chuckled.
"Just more raw meat and not much wheat or dairy. Lactosez Milk and Jolly Gray Giant Wheat are good substitutes though." He smiled.
"Oh, I've had that before at one of Wix's parties." I said following him. He gave me a ginger ale out the fridge. It tasted terrible but I knew that it would help. I used to like ginger now not so much. "Want to go for a night stroll?" I offered.
"I don't mind." He beamed.
We went through the front door, and Kaizen saw us and waved. "Stay in the neighborhood. The vampires are waking up about now." He warned.
"We will." We both said waving back. "I don't know how to fight or anything, but if they make problems, I'm linking Jack." I said loud enough for my mate to hear.
"You have permission to command any in this pack." he said casually, but I know Jack. He heard and was somewhere happy as a clam about it. 
"Jack the Slasher?" Noah asked. "That headache is here?!" 
"Kaizen took him in so he can't just go hurting people without permission." I said looking behind me. I swear I felt watched for a split second. "I didn't know you encountered him too."
"When he passed through our state there was a murder every day except the two days we had him detained, and he made up for it by killing 5 people on his escape." He growled.  "But I know you didn't come out here to talk about Jack; what's on your mind?" 
"Well. I don't know where to start. So I'll say my question, then the reason." I said trying to think of how to word it. I didn't want him to take it the wrong way.
"Can I guess?" He asked; I nodded. "You wonder either why I'm human and you're turned, or what's it like to remain human when I have options."
"I was also wondering how you're holding up." I said with a small smile.
"The short of all that is I like being human, and it's respected by my mate. I'm worried about Jerold. As strong as he is, and as old, he's still sensitive about his past. You'd think someone who's died multiple times and revived to fight someone like Xaxas would have trouble coping with war, but no. what troubles him more than that, is the treatment of his people. They can't help that they're born like they are." He said with pursed lips.
"I can't imagine I didn't mean to slap the Queen either I just hated how she and her daughter treated them. They're people too." I grumbled.
"In her court, they aren't. They deem all shifters as lesser, but half beasts are the lowest. They like having them around because you saw." He smiled, making a light joke. "But they, and many other peoples even other shifters have a distaste and distrust for them." 
"I know. I wasn't exactly treated with open arms when we were in an elf village." I grumbled.
"The one that burned down?" He asked.
"It was still standing when we left!" I yelled.
"Reports said that someone lit it ablaze. They found no scent or anything. Possibly it could have been vampires if Jack was with you and accounted for." He turned left, going a random direction. "And to answer the other question, I do just fine. I'm sure you got turned because unlike me, you belong to the blood of the Night Court Your humanity would have made you a political target. Life with Jerold is mostly peaceful."
"And this probably broke that peace." I said shaking my head.
"She's so selfish and only thinks of herself. I don't know how he put up with her." He growled, though it was just a normal growl, not a wolf's. "I do but you know what I mean."
"I do."
"Evening." Said a woman floating next to a man who walked on all 4's. Weird. I knew on instinct that they were vampiresreally strong ones. The thin man who walked like that was a ghoul. Undead. It made me worry for Noah.
"You must be Mrs. Lancaster." I smiled. I know she heard my heart race.
"No need to worry. I'm going out to hunt venison with my coven here." She motioned them. "What we don't consume, we butcher and distribute to the market." 
They looked hungry.
"Well, we'll be seeing you." I said with a light wave, taking Noah's hand.
"Why don't you come with us?" She offered with a light bow. "I'm afraid I cannot extend that to your mortal friend here. I don't want any accidents."
"I'm not good enough at shifting to accept." I half lied. I'd only shifted the one time. A cold hand touched my shoulder.
"Luna, do they need anything more from you?" Asked Jack from directly behind me.
It made me jump, and his grin told me he'd done this on purpose. 
"We'll be leaving. We meant no harm." She said floating away.
. I got a bad vibe from the 10 or 11 vampires I know they were the original humans that lived here but something told me that if Jack wasn't around, the thin man would have attacked Noah.
"It doesn't matter." Said Jack.
"Jack." Said Noah.
"Do I know you?" Asked jack.
"Jentucky 1996." Said Noah. "You killed 348 people."
". Is that supposed to make me feel bad?" He asked that honestly, not to be snippy, but Noah looked pretty pissed. "I'm 'the Slasher' for Lady's sake. What do you want from me?"
" Just leave. I'd rather not spend time with my niece trying to shoot you." He growled.
"Fine, fine. I'd rather not be shot with silver." He said vanishing.
"I hate that he can do that." I said loudly.
"I do too, but I'm glad he came when he did. Vampires are easy enough to deal with but ghouls are another the undead need human flesh And blood to maintain themselves, and I know her pet wouldn't care that I would taste like minotaur, being soul-bonded to one." He chuckled dryly.
"So the one on all 4's was a zombie?' I asked.
"No, those are different too. They don't have a mind, but their souls are trapped within a rotting corpse that cannot heal." He said putting his hand on his gun. It was under his shirt. I think he did that more as a habit but it wasn't a bad one being surrounded by man eating creatures all the time. 
----Kaizen----
I sat outside on the back steps with some cold bottled water. All this shit was giving me an actual migraine. Because now with an additional prince here, and him marked by me, I KNOW I yet again, attracted More attention to my little pack. I wanted to be free of any royal courts, nor did I want to explain to any others why I took him.
He had no combat experience other then self-defense. He hadn't really killed anyone, nor did he use those enormous fangs to tear flesh. But the other royals won't care. His bloodline and his coat color would eventually attract the eyes and ears of curious Kings, and I will have to hope that Wix, Jerold and my brother would be there for me. My father and Uncles didn't interact with this world much if they could help it.
And I didn't count his mother, because she made it pretty clear that she might be the problem.
At the moment Jerold and him were outside, and he shared stories of his past with his son. Alavastros looked intrigued. He saw Uncle Xaxas and my family through my connection I shared everything I knew with him, but he knew nothing of his father or major details of the old times.
"I'm going to make good on helping the other minotaur." I said casually.
"Go ahead. I, and my people appreciate it." Jerold said firmly.
I left Alavastros with his father, suddenly getting up. I'd make good on what I said for Elder Asmondi He didn't have the heart to harm his own child. Where the mother was, I didn't know, but I imagine since he was single, that it put a strain on whatever relationship he had.
That or it was merely meant to be a series of flings that ended in responsibility.
Tamriel was still here, since humans now littered the cells, filling the small place to the brim. We kind of stuffed them all in one cell, and I still had to interrogate them.
"Halt." He snarled. "My master bids these mortals his protection."
"That was literally the point. Move aside Lord Tamriel; I'm here for the minotaur downstairs. I have no beef with them, pun intended." I chuckled, but he did not accept my attempt at being cordial.
"My master does not like that you make more demons Boy." He spat.
"If my blood didn't mark them, if I gained nothing from giving them minds, I'd still help them." I said firmly. "Plus, I know it's not the perfect solution or anything. But there's a much greater threat to have the mindless wonder or escape, than be bound to me. I swore on my blood and honor to protect this place With you after all."
He made no more issue, allowing me to pass, but he followed the wheels in my head began to turn.
"What's so important about this place anyway." I asked, following the signs past the shouting humans. They wanted to be released, but that wasn't happening. We'd figure out something.. They can't be free with vampires turned by King Victor literally floating around, excited from the scent of free-range mortal in the air
Yet Tamriel's silence spoke volumes. Down the stone stairs we walked and down another flight. The first set of cages were empty, but I could smell fresh blood a level below That I think zombie or undead blood Those are Rare but I could hear the snorting and soft moos of content creatures below.
"If you don't know, I won't tell you." He said stiffly. "Anyway, there's 4 down there. I know what you're up to, and I have to report this." Tamriel hissed.
"I know. I only do this because it was asked of me." I said firmly.
"The pens have been cleaned, they ate, and Flora got them fresh water. The only one that isn't docile is the ginger one. He bites." He said ignoring my reason.
"Flora?" I asked with scrunched eyebrows. Surely not my nosy, troublesome neighbor had anything to do with themunless.
"Your neighbor." He said looking at me as if I were stupid.
And just like that he left me with kind of more questions than answers. 
But I saw that in fact, there were 4 down here. One was blonde, one black, one brown, and the ginger was the biggest. Four large pens in the dimly lit dungeon were sectioned off so they couldn't directly interact with each other, but they did see each other through the bars. There wasn't even electricity this far down in the cells but they seemed alright.
They grazed hay; some were asleep. It did smell but not too bad. It hurt me to know that they were someone's kid. All 4 I wondered could that have been me if I didn't gain some semblance of control. Before it felt like that was the part of me that wished to rule. To be a beast should anything stressful antagonize me.
I bit my wrist and they all kind of freaked out. I could see that they weren't warm to me The first one, a dark brown one was the first to settle. I put some of my blood on the hay, and offered it through the bars. I went down the line, getting all four of the 10 foot tall beasts.
"When you all awake, you'll be free. No more cages. Welcome to Misfit." I said quietly.
I knew this would make a problem, but I did it anyway. I'm not a knight in shining armor, but those that do wear that uniform will be disgruntled to say the least.
###chapter 53
Kaizen
There were clacks of heels coming rapidly down the stairs, though I'd already done what I was going to do. I could tell it was Flora, but why she already sounded ready for confrontation was beyond me.
"What are you doing down here?!" She demanded. She ran past me to the sleeping ginger bull, and patted him between the horns. "You turned him I can smell the Horned One's touch". He hummed happily, knowing his mother's scent. She looked at him like mother looks at me, as she loved her child. Whatever happened to get them here, she made sure he was taken care of.
I'd seen her upset; it seemed being the grumpy, nosy neighbor was the norm, but this time it seemed as if there were genuine concern in her voice.
"I made them part of my war band. They would have remained like caged cattle otherwise." I said simply. "Elder Asmondi asked this of me." 
"I knew he would the day you stepped out the door of your car I knew" She mumbled. "But This wasn't your place! I was working on a cure, and maybe I mightI might have fixed it." She looked down.
"How long have you worked on a cure?" I asked. There wasn't one This is a condition etched into their being. That some are this way without reason.
"We figured out yellow lavender aids in their attitudes, but I hadn't figured out a way to fix the next part." She mumbled, not answering my question. I could pry and read her mind if I wanted, but I'd rather not give her a headache.
"That wasn't what I asked." I said firmly. If blue lavender was rare, yellow lavender was damn near impossible to get unless you were cultivating it Not many even knew it existed. 
She pet her son, debating on if she should say. 
". Since the treaty" So since 1605. Fuck. "He recognizes me and his father, but he doesn't like others. I feed them, brush them. Give them fresh meat and clean hay. It's the least I can do; this is our fault." She mumbled. "The other parents come occasionally but they don't have the heart to see their children like this."
"Where are the other mothers?" I asked.
"Ark and Wik's mother died in childbirth. I never met her, but their father brought them here. Ark's the black one, and Wik's the brown one. Rezzol comes to visit them. He's the black bull with white patched hair. I think you've met him maybe in passing."
"I have. Everyone in town is registered as pack now." I said firmly.
"True. The blonde one, Rubin is an orphan. He's probably the youngest, being 352 or 3 I think. I tend to them all. His father died 90 years ago, but he left him 5 million dollars in his will. Tamriel manages it with me, but to be fair he's only around down here to make sure they're treated right. He also blessed my lawn so I can cultivate the yellow lavender. It only grows in holy places."
"Is that why you make such a fuss about your garden?" I said seeing her nod. "Your efforts are noble, and I see they're well cared for, but there is no cure for what ails them, Flora. Your son is safe with me." I said putting a hand on her shoulder.
"You don't know what it's like." She growled, holding the massive head of her son. "He's why I live here in willing exile The shame of birthing a son with such a condition, being the only descendant of the Great Fire BirdBeing expected to take the mantle of being Queen of my people, and raze rebellion against the Dragon King of the Sky to free them. but instead, having a child with a man other men see as a beast. I moved here for my little Elio. My people tried to burn him while I was out hunting back then, but thankfully he's magic and fire resistant. It's been like this for years. Now I come down here; the smell of iron reaches the front door of this place. What was I to think?"
"You scent only my blood." I said firmly, hiding my surprise.
However, she was also wrong Eternya the Flaming One, Great Fire Bird had another bastard, though she was banished to another world altogether. Should my uncle find out about Flora, Xaxas might kill her on the spot.
"I saw what you did to the mindless ones in the forest, the ones who were attracted to the smell of their fellow kin I know some were pillaging the countryside, so it was needed, but when I heard you were down here, I got scared." She said kissing her son, who shifted in her hands, though the others hadn't yet.
I silently watched, letting her say her piece.
He was asleep, looking like his father. She cried, cradling him. "If you were born in skin, things would have been different. If I'd have taken my throne, you'd have been a prince. Not just a 'stinky animal' as my people called you, in a dungeon because of my incompetence"
"If Eternya knew he had unaccounted blood As a general of my uncle, he'd have likely killed you." I said truthfully. "Better that while they slept, you weren't known and slipped into obscurity. I will keep the secret of your bloodline." I said kneeling to her eye level. "How brave you are to endure so much. You traded your position and your people for him, and in turn he loves you all the same."
She balled heavy tears on her son, the grandson of Eternya'Rocktelaam. The grandson of the Great Fire Bird, a demigod, son of the Volcano god. During the war he burned the ground so hot, that some areas to this day will not grow grass It is said on hot days, you can still hear the screams of the spirits, and crackle of his flames.
It was almost like I was amassing an army not of my own doing.
How did I not know?
How did I not notice her scent? She smelled... like bird, nothing special.... only the smallest bit like Eternya.... 
Now that I looked, she held his resemblance.
I linked my Warriors to help me take them home. "I'm taking them to the packhouse." I said gently. I could not understand what she was going through, being so high born, loving a commoner, and birthing a bastard who ate cud. "We're low on space, but I will arrange beds for them."
"No, I have plenty. All 4 of them are my sons as far as I'm concerned. I know it'll be fine." She said firmly.
"Alright. It may be better that they have their own rooms and space for a time." I said agreeing with her. The rest shifted as well, finally getting human forms. Their belly buttons held grandfather's symbol, and they were all pale as paper, being down here and in fur their entire lives
It wasn't long before the warriors came, and we picked them up, well, except Flora's son Elio. She held him herself, and upstairs the other living parents were waiting alongside Tamrieland his friend. She clothed her son herself, while we got the others.
I had the formally black minotaur, Ark. They slept as if nothing was going on around them, having their bodies adjust as they rested to the new condition they held. 
Tamriel was waiting It seemed he had another one with him, one that didn't look like his photocopy.
This one had blazing gold eyes and hair to match. He looked as if they were made of actual metallic gold, rather than flesh. Tamriel brought likely someone above himself He certainly looked it. His dark skin was radiant, as his entire body had a small golden glow meaning he was a full angel.
He took one look at Elio, stomped his foot, and became encased in glowing gold armor.
Shit.
"You act as if I have malevolent intent Tamriel." I said calmly, but he sneered.
"Do not be so casual with me Boy." He spat, but the other angel put his hand on his shoulder He was my height after I grew.
"Brother, we mean to interrogate, not demolish the land beneath our feet. I am Gettriel, Leader of the Eagle Wing Unit. I mean to speak with you, alone." He said calmly. His sneer matched his brother in arms, yet, his words were at least less provoking.
"I have no issue with that." I handed Ark's limp body to one of my Warriors. "I'll be fine; take them all to Flora's if I don't return soon; they will recognize her."
"Yes sir." Said Warrior Commander Patrick. I thought it best to have him, not Gilbert command the Warrior unit. He was Alpha of this place before I got here, so he knew the land and the people. But also, and more importantly: he had experience.
"Come with me." Said Gettriel. 
I followed him with Tamriel, and Sentinel was in the back of the security station. I readied myself in case I needed to teleport. I already had a plan. Those I turned would be their targets. And my mate. She's too green to get away without my help
###chapter 54
A/n: Finally the year's fixed. I sat on it to make sure it's plausable, since Kaiden's book starts Sept 2024.
Kaizen
"I'm Lt. Daniel." Said the man shaking my hand. His wince meant I was too rough, so I eased up. He was the oldest at 52 It was weird he looked so *old* yet he was half my age.
"Sorry. I'm Kaizen, the Charred One, the Horned Wolf. I will protect you lot so long as you don't break the rules."
"I still don't know if we can reach those terms. But for now, I'll handle mine." He said firmly.
"I need to get back to my wife." Said one of his subordinates.
"As I said, you all belong to Misfit. That part I can't undo. Even if I wiped your memories with magic, you were still engaging in Hunter activities. Believe or not-" I was cut off.
"Our rights for protection went away the moment we agreed to try this *stupid* shit." Said the subordinate that wanted to go home the most.
"Everybody got in the van on their own; don't bitch now." Said one of his peers; he scoffed. His attitude was making me wonder should I make an example of him.
"Make your peace with them, since now you are all specters. As I told my mate, what closure would they have to see you or get calls, knowing that they cannot be with you again, and that you would put them in your situation should they be too loud, or worse, try to find this place. Do you want that for your loved ones?" I asked. 
"In the morning, I'm leaving." He said angrily.
"I'm not." Said Lt. Daniel. "Jake We literally talked about the possibility of being prisoners. *You bragged about how you'd be fine with that* This is that time."
"If you didn't want the risk, you shouldn't have agreed." Said another. "You could have stayed home like Barny." 
"Fuck Barney." Growled Jake. "Fuck you too Tony."
"Fuck you!" They were about to fight, but Lt. Daniel stopped them.
"Cut it out! We All Fucked Up ok?!" Daniel snarled. "You see what this one can do. This den is Different it isn't finding strays off the side of the road. All kinds of monsters are here." He grunted. "I think until we figure something out, we should collect ourselves and get information."
"You only say that-" I cut off Jake. Mortal or not he was starting to really piss me off with his disrespect of not only me, but his Alpha.
"Listen you little shit." I growled. A hand on my shoulder stopped me. It was Gettriel.
"I will say kinder words than he." He said firmly. "To leave this place is to leave the protection we can provide. You are our priority, but what we protect under our feet holds What do humans call it? V.I.P.? Whatever. We can only provide your protection inside the city." 
"I already hexed them in their sleep for their safety." Said Chelsea. "They should taste like literal shit if attacked. A loud alarm will sound, dye the skin of the attacker purple too, but the tradeoff is that they Won't be Able to Leave." She glared at Jake, the defiant one. "If they steal a car, it will stop working about two feet outside the city outside the protection It's been a while since I had intact *living* mortals." She giggled like a witch. I could hear it was all bluff, but they wouldn't know that. 
Their terrified faces let her continue. She did mark them like that, but she wouldn't experiment on them.
"Weapons, even knives won't work either. So, you really are trapped here. You'd think being in a holy zone would- shit- Sorry." She looked at Tamriel, and his glare told me she knew.
I pried. I pried her mind so hard I felt bad, but I wanted to know what the fuck they were doing here
"Don't-" Tamriel was cut off.
With a flash of light her throat was slashed, and they were gone with two mighty flaps.
"What's, or rather Who's the Lord of Contradiction?" I asked calmly, knowing that they heard me, putting pressure on her throat It was a deep clean cut. The only thing that stopped her from being beheaded was a broken protection spell that faded with her life force.
"None of your fucking concern." Growled Gettriel outside. He yelled this loud enough that even the humans heard. "How did a *mortal* find that out Tamriel?"
"That *Mortal* Was the Barrier Maiden!" He screamed likely at the top of his lungs. He sounded frantic. "Prepare for battle!" He sported his silver armor, while I held onto the dying witch.
Chelsea collapsed on the ground holding her throat. I could only bet it was Gettriel who tried to kill her. He holds no connections or attachments to any here 
I held her neck still, wondering what I should do. If I used my fire, I'd cook her My lightning would stop her heart. I don't know magic well enough not to boil her from the inside out..
"My Mate!" Screamed bob, kneeling as I held her in my arms. 
The pressure was stopping the blood, but I had no healing powers She sizzled. Their blades were blessed silver, and honestly, I was surprised she was still alive.
"If I save her-" I was stopped by Bob's wolfish whine. He pleaded to his Alpha, not caring for himself.
"Turn us both! I don't care! We came here to escape this fate!" He said and she reached for him.
She went limp before she could touch him, and I turned her too. I felt a little tired from it I turned him too as I felt dizzy.
This time was different.
The lights flickered, and I saw blood drip from meI felt my nose, rubbing the wetness with my hand. Blood Bob and Chelsea were passed out together, but there was no reason why I should have felt sick.
I coughed.
The ground beneath my feet shook.
"What's happening?" Asked one of the humans.
"Shut your cell, lay on the ground, and pretend to be dead" I said before seeing the room become dark. The lights didn't go out The light was stolen.
In its place was a deep purple beam that flickered from out the dungeon area, and through the door. It was melted instantly, but with it followed a great gust of wind.
I could only assume That was the Lord of Contradiction Despite an ominous name, it smelled like a male light creature.
----Willow----
There was the sound of an explosion, and we all ran outside.
A purple beam of light streaked across the sky, but it was intercepted by one gold light, one silver light, and one dim silver light.
The purple one knocked the others out the sky, and Jerold Shifted. He growled, which woke up his mate, Noah.
"What do you mean a New Old One?!" He yelled.
Jerold made rumbles, but I could understand the individual syllables, just not the language. "Ek Rah te raakru unt ti." I could feel his words in my chest. Each word could be felt with the rich bass it held. 
"He said He has no doubt, that this monster is new." Said Noah. He reached for his gun, but Jerold held out his hand to stop him. He pulled a small tree out our neighbor's yard across the street 
"Meihth Nah Te Noah." He said stomping away two steps before being severed in half. A beam of purple light shook the ground as it landed.
I screamed! So did Noah.
"What have we here?" Asked an older man with his head tilted to the side. In one hand was a metal torch topped with purple flame, while the other held clawed gauntlets. He was in leather and steel armor. Looking . Young in the face but old because of his hair
His skin reminded me of vitiligo, since his dark skin was equally blotched with pale tones my shade His hair was also patched like this, being grayish white, but now that I noticed there were thick black streaks within it. Like thick salt and pepper locks. But only some of it was dreaded
He was not tall enough to tower over the other supernaturals, but he wasn't average human height either, being 6'4. One eye was blue, the other was red and the one on his forehead was purple irised, making a total of 3. Not 2.
He had 7 fingers on each hand, having 4 arms... and his teeth as he smiled were like a shark's at the base, but the tips were flat  
He was shot at by Noah, but with a flick of one of his wrists, Noah was also cut in half.
"What year is it mortal?" He asked impatiently, and I blurted it without thinking.
"2180." I said as all 3 of his eyes glared at me. I felt frozen in place until he turned away. I felt like I could move, but if I did, I'd get hurt. What was this feeling? Everything went black.
My eyes opened, and I knew I was not home anymore This place was dark old Terror filled my heart, and the heat made me understand where I was. In front of me as I stood was a whole that seemed to have no end, yet, out of it flew an endless wall of pinkish white scales.
###chapter 55
Willow
The endless wall of pinkish scales went up as far as I could seeI could not fathom how large this beast was. I had to be in Tarteron 
"Hahaha Mortal!" Snarled a 15 foot tall demon. 
I screamed and ran. 
Who wouldn't?!
It was a creature with a face made of deer skull, though the antlers were a ram's. His body was stocky like a minotaur's, though his fur was shaggy and black, covered in glowing red tattoos even on his face. He wore only a red cloth around his waist, but he brandished a club as big as me. He had to be damn near 15 feet tall.
"Running will get you Nowhere!" Laughed the demon evilly. "Welcome to the Layer of-Shit! I didn't see your mark! Wait Little Mistress! I can't keep up with all the new faces!" He yelled as if he were apologizing.
I bumped into white robes.
"Not this again." Said the voice a little agitated. He held my shoulders, and I tried fighting him. Could I win? No, but it didn't stop me from trying! "Calm Down. You're safe here. That's my husband, Noirnamu." He smiled. "I am Apythmenos the Bottomless One, the Pit given flesh, Herold of the Horned OneBut you hold his mark, therefore we will not harm you unless he says so Were you tossed down here, X-less mortal? This is the Last Layer."
He looked. Beautiful. His aura made me want to run away, but his youthful face and golden antlers made him look like he could be trusted.  If the saying 'appearances can be deceiving' had a face in the dictionary it would be his. He was a demon who's face and body mimicked an angel's. even the robes were the wrong color
He was the mighty, nearly endless Asian styled, winged dragon in the sky. There was no way I was escaping someone like that. I hated the feeling this place gave me Like I was in trouble, yet I hadn't actually done anything.
"I wasn't tossed, I just woke up here Some man with a purple flame torch killed King Jerold and Noah and Tamriel. They fought as beams of light in the sky; that had to be him and his son I don't know who the gold light in the sky was though, but he fell too"
"I know those names. Let me take you to the master. He'll know what to do. "I'm still making pasta tonight; this shouldn't take long."
"If you're not back by 10, I'm starting Breaking Bad without you and ordering Dominos from... from Mortal DoorDash again!" countered his massive husband. 
He gasped "You Wouldn't! That shit was 30 Gold Pieces with the delivery fee!" He shouted. "And they got your order wrong!"
"I will!" He yelled playfully. "Forgive my rudeness my lady. I am Noirnamu, caretaker of the Pit, this jackass." He pointed at Apythmenos with a thumb.
"I'm Willow, Kaizen's mate." I said sheepishly for them to be so friendly was because of my connection with my mate. I was silently thankful for that.
They both chuckled. "It's only 4; there's no way I'd be gone that long." He scoffed, picking me up. "You're all one piece at least but you're just a soul." He complained, taking off. He sprouted white dragon wings, and we were high in the air nearly instantly.
"I'm not Dead Yet!" I yelled, and he smiled, shaking his head.
"As far as I know, you are, but if you're still alive, your body's in a coma somewhere. Did he say anything to you?" He asked.
"Only what year it was." I mumbled. He flew over the Pit. I had goosebumps.
"I won't drop you. Even if I did; I'd catch you before you got hurt." He said rolling his eyes. "Sorry, I picked that up from the Mistress." He chuckled. 
"The Moon Goddess?" I asked.
"She's surprisingly sassy." He smiled. "Over there is the gate little Willow.
I could hear moans of people inside. They screamed in agony, but he didn't seem to care. It was his job after all. Those down there were so evil that they were deemed unredeemable. They hurt countless, like Jack Living so long, it allowed him to keep killing 
A human would have eventually died after a few years So it would forcibly end their terrible actions, but a supernatural that unhinged lives until they're stopped If Jack lived to 80, killing a person every day, he'd never reach the number he has today Not by hand.
"Jack isn't all that special." Said the Pit. "Sorry, it's passive. I'm sure since you're so young everyone does that."
"They do" I grumbled. He chuckled.
"I'll teach you. Time here isn't the same." He said happily. "But also, I've tossed men with triple his count from other worlds. Some used bombs or culled countries with their soldiers, but the loss of life is still a loss. I Really hope you aren't dead." He said ominously. "Lord Kaizen might be trained to control his nature, but with your death will come willing carnage."
"But-" I was cut off.
"You've not seen what the Master's bloodline is capable of not truly. He's half his father. So he holds half the power of a Prince of Hell." 
-----Kaizen-----
I could no longer feel my mate. It wasn't like last time Then, I Knew grandfather had her but this time I only felt a fading fear as if her light was snuffed out.
I heaved myself up, leaving the humans inside their cell, and my new fold on the floor. They'd have to wake up like that. They were safe; my mate was not.
I coughed blood getting outside and forcing my powers to zip across the sky. The impact of me landing cracked the street, and the Lord of Contradiction. He certainly looked it 
Everything about him seemed off He was symmetrically dysfunctionalHaving either too much or little of many physical features, but his right side mirrored his left.
"What have you done to my mate?" I growled in demonic. I couldn't help myself. Seeing her laid there as her little fox She was shifted and shaking. I did not feel her soul either, but her heart beat
I summoned my bow.
"I will not ask again." I snarled, worried for her. His fanged smile was horrid They ended in flat tips, like shark teeth were sawed off at the tips, and they were brown, being double rowed.
"I asked for the time. It is not my fault the mortal could not handle my aura." He said turning to me. "I will Not go back." He hissed. "I will not go back to my prison or that little blue bitch's barrier and *prayers*." He sneered.
"I don't give a fuck what you do or where you go, so long as my mate isn't involved." I growled. "But the issue is that you Force my involvement."
"I will destroy this world. Everything but not Everyone on it that they may see the error of their folly to the End." He responded in oddly enough. High Angel How did I understand that language?
"What are you?" I asked. He looked every bit a villain.
"The bastard of my father's making." He said raising his torch, but I parried his swing meant for Willow.
I slid backwards into Jerold's innards He was cleaved in half, but still alive. Kings cannot be killed He'd be up in a day or so, but fuck if that looked like that hurt. Noah's heart beat as well but he was unconscious 
I prevented myself from shifting in my anger. I needed to stay in this form to deal with him.
"I caught him by surprise. Had he been whole, I doubt I could take you both." He snarled, rushing me. The Lord of Contradiction sounded like a lion, though I could tell he couldn't shift.
My bow had to be wielded like a sword since he used his torch like a club. We clashed in the street while my people screamed and evacuated. 
/Jack protect Willow./ I linked. 
The explosion from our next clash caused the neighbors' homes and mine to be unlivable. Our shattered front doors and crumbled porches were on fire from his flames, except Flora's. Hers seemed to have a magic dome over it. He didn't link back, but when I looked for her again, my precious Willow was gone as I'd ordered.
Now I didn't have to hold back.
"What's Going On Out Here?!" screamed Flora, clawing herself across the chest and jumping high in to the air. The transformation of a Great Fire Bird was what I needed.
I teleported backwards, shooting him in the heart with the thickest, most barbed arrow I could create, while she breathed fire on him. He screamed in pain being shocked by my lightning, because in my anger I lost my composure. I was so mad that I teleported to him, but he dodged the punch meant for his fucking smug ass face.
He pointed the torch and shot Flora's wing. She screeched, but as a fire bird, it didn't hurt her too bad. She lost feathers, diving at him with her claws out. I didn't speak Eagle, so whatever she said I doubt either of us knew.
I teleported, grabbing two of his arms, while the other two were pinned with a knee I only managed to do that from experience with spider demons. They have multiple arms to but this man spoke angel
And he definitely was a demigod I could sense that naturally
"I'd rather not die right now.I'll see you later." He said becoming water in my hands, covering me with slime. He streaked across the sky as purple light, headed west.
"EW!" I yelled, upset that he escaped, and more upset that I felt like I'd been hag fished! "Ugh it smells!" It burned. "It's In my eyes!"
Flora Shifted, grabbing my hand and leading me to the side of her house.
"Hold still." She said worriedly.
She pressure washed me, and my skin went with it. I couldn't breathe It smelled like holy water, but stunk like sulfur too 
I flushed my eyes until I could see again, but Flora looked. Disturbed by me. I chalked it up to the melted skin that healed rapidly.
"I need to find Willow. You stay and protect your son. Gather the witches to douse the fires, and send the wolves to find the bodies of Tamriel, Sentinel and Gettriel." I said ripping the tattered melting cloth off me it was wet and became goo.
"You might want to put on some shades first." She mumbled.
###chapter 56
Willow
I got out a taxi wagon pulled by a white centaur going about 50mph There was a small gadget around his neck so he knew how fast he galloped Tarteron's city was called Repentance, after the Layer it resided on. It was nearly endless, being the place for every soul who either committed a crime and was rehabilitated, or was a victim of the Horned One's children and grandchildren
By no means was this a paradise or anything, being Hell and all I just didn't expect it to be clean and smell like the plant life that lined modern styled, wide sidewalks for 2 way foot traffic, healthy black trees, lamppost street lights, the electricity and phone wires lining them.
The Roman architecture was also surprising. Statues of not only the Horned One, but his mate and children lined the streets. Some streets were named after them too, but they had to be the spellings he meant, since I didn't recognize Birrai'shivaal. Maybe that was Mr. Bryson? The stone here was black like the Colosseum, as was the dirt, grass, and the bark of trees in the little squares they were grown in. 
We went past a park where demons who were off work strolled.. The sky above was blood red, yet the daytime was actually nice I could see why. It felt like a warm spring day, though the breezes here held hot notes to the air. I guess that part couldn't be helped. 
The blue neon lights were a stark contrast to the red world here, but it was nice to see. People on this layer looked mostly happy. They had jobs, work hours, off days, and even Hell themed holidays to immolate regular life. They celebrated the season changes, though, the ones were nights were longer were more important, especially Lunarween They had posters here and there about the discount in the red district 
'All the fun of the Layer of Sex, without the deviance." Said one sign.
The other layers were all terrible and specific, forcing those who committed crimes to confront their wrongdoing, and become rehabilitated for a chance at the Incarnation Lottery. People who wanted to try life again could buy a lottery ticket, and every afternoon at 6pm, those whose tickets turned white were immediately sent off to be born.
But that was also random. I learned that there were nearly countless words, and there was no guarantee that you'd wind up at your original one, what time period it was, or even if you were born into poor circumstances. It was a Shot for a redo, not a luxury life. At least not a sure fire one.
"There's the palace." Said Apythmenos. 
I'd been there before, but I only saw the throne room The black stone castle was huge. It sat at the top of a hill, with the palace grounds flat. No buildings were near it either, as all roads led to that spot. You could even see the worn dark gray cobblestone were people likely made U-turns if they got too close.
As 'nice' as the Night Father was to me I knew that all this was only because of my standing.
The Bottomless One said nothing, but he did hold my hand as I stepped out. It was pretty steep for me. The cart was made for people the size of Kaizen, not someone like me. I was only 130 pounds soaking wet. That centaur had to be at least 9 feet tall. I'd never seen one so buff
"You're 134 pounds." The Herold of the Horned One said smugly. Even though we'd traveled together a few hours, I still couldn't believe that. 
"Ha ha." I said rolling my eyes.
"At least you aren't on the Layer of Gluttony, starved skin and bones, forced to eat tasteless pottage, or depraved of whatever it was they were gluttonous about." Apythmenos pointed down, and blew a raspberry. It made the centaur chuckle as he slowly trotted away.
I actually saw that while we passed through magic gates to get here Each one had its own horror. It made me cringe.
"Again sorry. Suffering and all that is normal in my line of work. Sometimes it's easy to forget how sensitive the living are." He chuckled.
I was escorted with heads bowed. The moment they saw Apythmenos, they made way. He paid them no mind, and I followed him silently to the throne room.
The Horned One seemed in a sour mood.
"What do you want little one?" He asked his herald while his back was turned. "You better not be trying to weasel out of Saturday." He said gruffly. He stood there, summoning black books around in the air. I could only assume the book he was looking for had something to do with the soul that was chained to the floor, and his lips sewn closed. "Why do I hear curious narration?" he growled.
". I bring one of your kin's wives." He said with a bow.
The Horned One turned around with blazing eyes. "Willow why are you deceased?" He asked with surprise.  "Why does my grandson regenerate from battle? I do not recognize the residue on his flesh" he hissed. His blood boiled as he stood there. "And You, you little shit. Why can't I find your life?!" 
"M MMM'M MMMMM!" He screamed, being roasted alive by the King of Hell's left hand over him. The muffling of it wasn't as bad as seeing him not be able to die from that.
"That we didn't know." Said Apythmenos. He seemed unphased. "May I?" He asked.
"Go ahead." Said the Horned One.
Apythmenos kneeled down, and crunched a finger. "I don't taste anything."
"Every soul has a flavor. Let me see." He snarled. He took a finger too. They were crunchy it made my mouth water since it smelled like barbeque. And I was a little ashamed of myself. "You may partake here. The Crave curse does not affect you. Trust me, you'll want sinner willingly.."
"No thank you sir." I mumbled.
"You may call me grandfather as the rest." He said simply, but still clearly pissed. "He has no flavor his book cannot be found. I'm half tempted to throw him into the Pit for wasting my Fucking Time."
The soul looked at the floor- "Unsew his lips." I blurted.
"Little one, you jest?" asked the King of Hell.
"No, I would never but he looks like he's getting away with something even though I know he's really suffering I don't know why All I know is that nobody killed me, that monster just looked at me and asked me what year it was." I grumbled. 
He stood there silent as stone, angered so fully that I bowed low with the Herald. 
The man caught on fire with black flames This time not even ashes were left.
"Take her home.**** I have somewhere I need to be****." He snarled.
------Kaizen------
"What do you mean put on shades. Ugh my phone's all gooey too look at the plastic." I said waving it at her. She squealed like a little girl. I should feel bad, but a grin creeped slightly across her face.
"Stop it or I'll leave you to be all. Like That." She said pulling out her phone, taking a picture, and turned it around I looked really bad. My hair hadn't grown back. I had no eyes. Though the two red dots in their place was unsettling.
I was regenerating at least.
"Let me borrow your phone to call Jack." I said washing my hands which made skin sluff off.
This was painful.
I willed my way through it to not show weaknessMy people now more than ever would need me to be strong but I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel all this
She dialed for me, and Jack answered the first ring.
"We have her like you asked boss." Said Gilbert. Jack's got us in the woods with Alavastros. We thought it best to protect him too." 
"Good. The others are with Flora. Her house is the only one that isn't trashed." I complained.
"We also put out the small forest fire with the witches. They're working hard to save the houses too." Said Jack. "I have this under control boss. Leave this stuff to us."
"Willow's alright right?' I blurted, no longer having the patience to hear other people.
"She hasn't woken up, but her heart and breathing are stable." Said Ace. "I don't know what he made her eat to fix it, but I know he saved her life."
"It was the poisonous mushroom Devil's dust." I could tell Jack was smiling. "Well, if you eat 2 you die I only gave her one and a half."
"What the fuck Jack." I sighed.
"I may be crazy, but there's a method to this." He said seriously. "I could Taste the power from that thing I got a good look too She was too close, and her flesh is too Freshly Turned To Deal with someone like That. The spore dust affects the brain. Calms the heart too if she wakes up tonight, she'll be . Loopy, but Alive." He said firmly. "I wouldn't experiment with my master's mate."
"Alright I wish you would have found a better solution than that. It's safe enough to come back. I need to contact my brother." I mumbled.
"Boss I'm not so sure about the kings on this one." Said Jack His seriousness today was strange. "All of them are the sons and daughters of the originals, merely babysitting thrones while mommy and daddy have a day off They Can die. They will be defeated."
".How do you know the Kings' secret?" I asked suspiciously. Even pack members of RoyalMoon didn't know details on Kings and their ability to revive.. It was a well kept secret, known only by royal officials High ranking ones who fought With them, or witnessed it directly.
"Before I was the Slasher, I was Ash's friend." He said with a chuckle, referring to King Ashital the Sleeping Wolf King. "I'm barely a wolf, merely the idea of it. Mateless, no sense of pack or a *conscious* bleh.. but I was useful during the war. Dogs like me didn't get to retire and have a happy ending. We keep killing. Wield me like you would a sharp knife master. The goddess made me this way"
"Thank you, Jack. You did well." I said giving him a bit of praise, and the line hung up. I'd given him what he needed acknowledgement. 
Jack wasn't like other wolves, that was true Without a mate, nor the desire for one well Killing was his mate. It was his bread too, but he also longed to be recognized as the exception he was. I could bet money if I patted his head, his tail would wag but maybe I might. He saved my mate. She shared my revival ability, but I'm glad she didn't have to go through that Just because I can't die does NOT mean it doesn't hurt.
###chapter 57
Zuviel- The King of Hell
Olympia was busy. His angels flew around the grand throne room. I held my trident, my favorite weapon. The Throne Room of the Gods was a place made of clouds and purity. Our thrones were together at the top of the stairs, where my half was black, and his was marble white. My wife was not here She didn't like it, and I respected that. This place only held bad memories for her While his wife looked sick.
Bah this place and bah on him and his arrogance.
"Where is he?!" Shouted Arviel. Whatever he'd done didn't go his way this time it seemed.
"We've searched-" He cut off his angel.
"I don't care!" Arviel yelled.
I cleared my throat. That he didn't even notice me meant he was so focused on his project gone wrong, that I think he was actually remorseful. Genuine miscalculations are Rare, so much so that he sent that decoy to distract me.
Both these events' probability was so low that he probably had to pull a solid gold dice out his ass to get this far. Both of us are too perceptive for small mortalish events like this.
"Great." He said glaring at me. 
"I destroyed your little distraction." I snarled, bringing darkness upon my half of the throne room. Behind me was every Layer Lord. I sent off Apythmenos. His presence on Urth will have repercussions, but at the moment I was too pissed off to care. I'd fix it later.
Shameful that it worked too. The puppet was made to feel even pain and hold emotions. 
"I suppose you're here to chastise me." He said with crossed arms.
"Naturally. What was your plan. Making Another Contradiction." 
The sky was dark with my anger, and his agitation caused conflicting red and white lightning. Our powers couldn't mix, making a catastrophe. The silver linings of the clouds became molten, and it rained metallic shards below. The only good thing was the location, a large mountain range in South Americah. No mortal at all was out there in such a desolate place, but we still both sent for our lower people to collect it all.
"It was hastily done. Had I wanted, I'd have made you run in circles a millennia." He sneered. "Your medaling is not needed." He dodged my question, while Lia looked hurt. How he cheated on his wife He swore to his little Earth Goddess that he would never again, yet here he was, having to explain to her that this one was from an old fling he hid from her 
"It is; your past catches up to you, because I will not tolerate this affecting my children."
"He's out killing mine." Arviel growled as he became heated, melting the golden throne behind him.
"That was not what I asked." I said impatiently. If one son killed all his half-brothers, and made ruin to his house, it is his fault for cheating. He would not be if he had not fucked up, then hid it, making it worse.
"You have Judgment, Death and Justice as your sons. They make you proud. It isn't that I wasn't happy with mine-" I cut him off. I'd heard enough.
He'd done this on accident because he was jealous.
"You made Contradiction! No World has survived such an unstable being on it. His existence will kill your wife." I growled. 
"She's strong." He said defensively.
She didn't even look at him. Technically all this was before he vowed, so this did not count on breaking it. He vowed he would not hurt her like this... yet here Lia was, still having to endure the past of Arviel's whoring.
"Worse than lying to yourself, you almost sound like you believe that." I said angrily.
He'd only just started, and I could already see the ends of her green vine hair wither.  Her bark skin looked rougher, and her green eyes lost some of their defiant fire 
"What am I to do? We're not to get so invested and involved but I Am Invested." He said angrily.
"Send your people to rally with my grandson. He already plots his demise." I said firmly. 
------Kaizen------
"Put put Noah back together." Moaned Jerold. He rasped like a dying corpse. His wounds were still fresh, not healing 
"Shit! Sorry!" I yelled, running and dragging Noah's legs to his torso first. Then I went for Jerold.
He had to shift to speak.
"Oh my gods, they're alive?!" Screamed Flora. She hesitated, not knowing what to do first before I wound up helping them both.
".Yeeehh." said Jerold. The moment his insides were stuffed where they needed to be, cracks could be heard.
"Three." Yelled Noah. Was this his third death or something else?
Noah screamed once he regained consciousness, and Jerold sat up. "I remember my first time." He said standing, then shifting his legs to mortal ones. "Hang in there lil guy."
"I'm not little!" He half screamed, half angrily yelled. He stayed on his back. He grunted laboriously, and I helped him sit up.
"Oh baby no. I'm just messin' round." Said Jerold clearly. "If you can't get up on your own, don't try to walk." 
I could hear the cracks and pops of his spine, and the squelch of organs as he kneeled to his little mate
"I'll be fine." He hissed.
"I'm pretty sure you don't want me to realign your spine if it connects crooked." He said, kissing him, making him lay flat on the concrete. "There. Can you sit still about 10 minutes?" He asked nicely.
".. This means nothing." Noah said blushing. "How can you heal so fast anyway?"
"I I have a lot of experience with this particular injury." He admitted. "Though this one was definitely one of the more surprising ones. No, I won't tell you how many times."
"Damn." I said because I was honestly curious. "You two are cute. I need to get mine Jack had to save her."
"NoThat Old One knew. It's why he killed me. He was making a message." Said Jerold, putting Noah in his lap. He moved him to the grass.
"That he could have." I said annoyed. He's paying for this.
I willed myself to shoot across the sky, feeling like I was going to fall apart... I felt like I was held together by hot glue and thumbtacks Like I was some little pup's impromptu science fair project. 
I forced the heal I needed to 'look myself'. But in the mirror at first, I did look pretty fucking bad I had no hair I would have been a naked rat shifted. I smiled at that, because as terribly dark as that is, I know at least Jack would share a laugh or two with me.
I had eyes now, and the scent of my mate was the only thing my nose focused on. Wix calling my destroyed, mostly melted phone was also unimportant. I found them no problem, but I could also hear arguing as I got closer to.
"I say we should go back to town now." Said Gilbert. "The town's not smoking anymore so the fire's out."
"I say we wait here." Said Alavastros. "Jack's right. I can't see the master letting us be out here too long. That's his mate. If the goddess gives only one, then I'm sure he'd do anything to make sure he gets to her as soon as he's able."
"We're ducks out here, sitting on our asses." Said Gilbert.
"I'm the one with all the combat experience compared to you pups." Said Jack. "Rick's getting wood, and Ace got the fire. I have Luna stable. If we move her and she wakes up, she is going to freak out. And if the master loses his shit, it won't be *my* fault." 
"It would be! You should have done something else, not give her drugs!" Yelled Gilbert. "I need air, this is stressing me out." He growled and shifted, howling I assume to get everyone.
I howled back and landed soon after.
"I should go after him, but right now, I need to make sure Misfit is safe. With King Jerold injured and faking he's ok, it'll leave neutralizing that jackass to me." I grumbled.
"We're your war band. We can aid you." Said Jack. I slowly kneeled to my mate and picked her up. She slept, and it calmed me to know she was alright, that I saw it for myself.
"Some of my fold are green." I said thinking out loud. "Also, I would rather not involve pack who can die. Not to mention I have to leave her behind too"
"Boss." Said Jack. He really wanted in on this, but I had to be honest with them.
"I don't even have a plan yet, and even when I do form one, I need you here. I don't trust anyone with Willow's protection, not without you guys with her too." I said firmly.
"Then I can settle for that." Said Jack.
I was silently relieved, yet the feeling was short lived. The ground beneath our feet shook. I readied to fight, but instead of an enemy, for once it was an ally.
I instantly recognized the Herold of the Horned One, Apythmenos and my mate coughed in my arms. I don't remember getting to have any real interaction with him other than seeing or hearing him in passing. His skill was unmatched. I knew he wasn't here to help, but rather to carry out some order given to him.
"His majesty bids my attendance to the human world, so I am here." He said firmly.
"The Lord of Contradiction wants this world to die. It won't with me on it." I said firmly.
"That is his name? Your world's fate is more dire than I thought." Mumbled the Herald.
###chapter 58
Kaizen
My mate was in my arms, but it had been 2 days, and the original Kings who weren't asleep were here.
She was still asleep because no one wanted her running around naked again. Covered in oil so it was harder to catch her. Even the Herald, who ultimately was the one to convince her to hold still, had to be careful. Compared to us, especially him, she was basically made of paper straws and wet cardboard. The High Demon was surprisingly calm about all this too
"As I said we should have already left." Said Aureus.
"If that was me in *your* arms, you'd cling to me too. Plus, we needed to wait for Victor." Grumbled Grace.
My brother, Queen Samira, my sister, King Aureus, The Vampire King Victor, his mate Queen Lucia, the vampyr, a kind of living bat-shifter were all here with Wix, Jerold and Noah. Lucia was solid white in her true form, but her mortal visage was dark skinned, and he was pale as paper. He was the first vampire, turned by my uncle, who said for the sake of this world that he, and his brothers would allow us to handle it. 
If he did, he'd win in no time, but Contradiction and Judgment are opposites. After all, chaos and order can't mix. All three of them would be poor matches, especially Asanguis. Xaxas's powers of ruling reality would destroy the world Asanguis's abilities of Death would destroy all life, including all mates who can't come back so he's out, and father's abilities are similar to Xaxas, so he's out too.
"Sorry for holding all of you up." Said Victor, sitting on the couch next to me, wile Lucia, his wife sat on the other side. "I had to check on the other sleeping Old Ones, those who refused to conform to this world but didn't want to die. Many years ago, they were given the ultimatum, and most took it. But no one knew about Contradiction. He was hidden by the Church, and Wix's father through blood oath His lips were bound to be sealed so I can't blame Sleeping King Hadeon but the Church should have done better to contain him."
There were three knocks.
"I speak for my mortal people." Said the Man King, Rodrick stepping in my house It made the hair on my neck stand. 
He held a holy aura that could be literally tasted like silver. His black hair was bone straight, though his face looked no older than 40. He was immortal so long as he didn't die, and if he did, he reincarnates, so his visage has and can actively change. It's said that he can look as young or old as he needs, and can appear as the face of any incarnated lives he'd lived "I come with my master's legion to aid you. It hurts his heart to slay his son, but this world is his wife, and she holds priority. And a price must be paid to Posidion, who still weeps bitter tears, making the ocean unnavigable."
Had they handled this before he awakened, this might have been resolved before he killed Leviathan, the Ocean Gods' son. Leviathan was a large ocean beast with metal scales, I think silver. He was known to mortals as Daven Jones, Davy Jones, Jonathan David? I never met him, since I don't think he could breathe air. Regardless, Victor looked pretty ragged, having to travel the world in 48 hours through borrowed magic and favors asked, but with coffee, he seemed to manage.
"Sorry for the inconvenience." Said Rodrick Sheepishly.
"And I for taking so long." Said King Victor.
"No you both did me a favor as Caretaker of the Defiant Ones." Said Jerold. All Old Ones who did not oath peace were branded on their faces with my uncle Xaxas's god brand of Scales They were basically made mortal with said brand. 
Meaning if the Sun God didn't hide Contradiction, he'd have been culled or contained properly, not almost kill my fucking mate. King or Not I wanted in on this hunt
Uncle Jerold and Noah were still sore, but healed enough that The Battle Bull could wield his legendary club he'd left in Jentucky. It was retrieved for him, and he let it sit next to him while they shared my recliner chair.
"Uncle won't be coming to our impromptu summit So as his representative, I guess we should start." Said Tyson. "As Standing King I shouldn't be here, however, as one who also cannot die, I will give all the aide I can." He said firmly.
"You're fine." Said Grace, the Dragon Queen since her mate killed his father for it. He wanted to rest, but had too many children vying for the throne until Aureus reluctantly stepped up.
"All help is welcome." I said shaking my head. Tyson still felt guilty for how he handled our disagreement to put it lightly. He didn't want to admit it though. 
"Good." Said Jerold. "I guess I'll start with what we already know. He killed Leviathan. He absorbed his energy and Herculian is almost here." He grumbled as if he held a grudge against him.
"Don't forget he also killed Ackilees. Damn his weak ankles." Complained Wix. The Standing Golbin King could die, but he was here because this was where he lived. He'd moved from his kingdom underneath the human city for peace, only for it to be broken anyway.
"He doesn't absorb their abilities, but it does make him stronger." Said Victor. "As he is, it will take all of us to likely defeat and imprison him."
"I'm here." Said Diana, coming in with Herculian.... smelling of him, holding his arm. Diana hid slightly behind him as if Jerold was a jealous old boyfriend too.
"Really?" I scoffed.
"I allowed your disrespect because of the shock of my son, but will not allow it again boy." She sneered.
"You can turn your ass around if you think I'll welcome a bi-" Jerold stopped me from standing. He was much faster than I remember.
"The defense is appreciated. But right now we have to be Bigger than squabbles between each other. Her magic will be needed not her parenting." He said and she rolled her eyes, sitting in the lap of the Demigod of Strength.
I wonder how long they'd been together It explains on how easy it was to find him. The other bastards of Arviel were in hiding, as if they instinctually knew they were in danger.
"It was a long time ago." Said Herculian. 
"And when was the last time you had pleasant conversation with Arviel?" I asked to start shit.
Let the fur fly.
"That-It has Nothing to do with what's happening Now." He grumbled. I'd seen Arviel before, only once in passing, but he looked like the man, being golden skinned and white haired, minus the glow of the Sun.
"Anyway." Said Jerold, somehow not exploding at them. "He was seen heading west, so by now he should be in Colorada That was the last place you touched ground before the teleportation, right?" Asked Jerold.
"Yes, and we left the Herold because he's incompatible with my magic. But also. Earthquakes follow if he's not careful. So for the mortals' sakes, he's flying back." Said Diana. "His name should not be uttered, as it is an actual spell." She said to remind us. I don't recall if I'd said his name out loud Maybe Willow might have, since she wouldn't know that unless she was told.
"He will be unable to engage anyway. He wasn't made to do battle, not on Urth." Said Tyson. "I read up on him in the archives; he doesn't just kill, he undo's the very being he slays, something that would shatter this realm."
"Aye." Said Jerold. "He is the Pit given shape, not an actual being All the power that comes with his title makes him literally undefeatable, but with a heavy price."
Rodrick managed to find a chair, and added to it. "If he managed to kill Contradiction, the explosion would put a hole in the planet. The only battle ever fought with him nearly killed Lia. The Ariana Trench still holds the Mount Olympis's flesh at the bottom." He warned.
As the Pit is deep, the greatest champion of the Lord of light, his herald, was named the Mountain. The Pit was bottomless, and the Mountain was the physical form of Mount Olympis, the very mountain that holds the gods' thrones 
Their power is exactly equal. The paradox of those two is that they can't exist at the same time and space. The Mountain is alive down there for peace, while Apythmenos resides in Hell. Not many knew about such a champion, but it is why peace is so important. Should this spark a war between the Light and Night, I wouldn't be surprised if something like that rose up with his sword in hand.
"Welp, I heard all I need to hear." I said standing and stretching. "When Willow wakes up, I think it best we head out in a mortal car, find him, and contain him hopefully somewhere uninhabited." 
"And then the Realm King will imprison Contradiction by stamping his forehead AFTER we subdue him." Said Jerold. "That's the plan anyway."
We could agree to this. Higher hands would be too much. This world was fragile right now  Leviathan kept the ocean waters moving, and the souls of the drowned busy Now they ran amuck, sinking ships, and the ocean is a little stale, while some of it is frothed high with his father's anger. Posidian also Can't keep up.He's been weakened because his son was needed to aid him It was why he was made 
###chapter 59
.. Somone Has to have a *real* funny sense of humor. 
Just really *really* funny. I thought this to myself silently since me and Tyson drew straws to see who would ride with Herculian, and Diana. Grace and Aureus already left, saying that he didn't care if his car was destroyed in the battle, that he'd just buy three more. Better to lose a car than his temper.
/Why don't you just drive your own car?/ Linked Tyson.
/Look at their smug ass face and tell me that Diana won't talk shit about us the entire way./
/You don't want to get your car 'hurt', don't you?/ he grinned arrogantly
/That was the first car I ever bought! It'll be a classic one day./ I growled the link, but he laughed!
/Oh my gods. If you're willing to deal with *them* I won't stop you. I thought you weren't actually serious. I'm off with Uncle And some of his Royal Guard./ he outwardly snickered, while Jerald looked pretty stern about this.
"You aren't a king. You don't have to come Kaizen." Said Jerold, putting his hands on my shoulders like dad doesHonestly, I wanted the Hellcat to be here because I gave Jack permission to get them out of here should Misfit be a target
"I Want to because he hurt my mate on my own territory. He killed both my Uncles like a Snake so he could try to take me, and Ran like a Rat when he couldn't" I said getting my bags. 
There was a small train of us in Wix's rental cars. They were heavily insured, and in the event of their destruction, he'd make double the money he spent on them. It was why he was so pushy about it in the first place.
"Then I won't stop you either. Noah, Samira, and Willow are here. The Wolf, as well as the Half-beast Royal Guard are here. And honestly with Jack here, only an Old One who hasn't encountered him would try him." Uncle Jerold said with the slightest smile. He left to give goodbyes to his mate, which left me no more stalling excuses.
I wonder what stories Uncle had of Jack. I could only guess since he was once a friend of the Sleeping Wolf King, that grandfather had him in his war band, until he likely killed pack or the innocent maybe.
"Oh this could be fun." Said Dianna.
"I think I'll ride too." Said Rodrick.
"Awe boo." She huffed playfully, but her voice pissed me off.
I silently put my things in the trunk, and went to my mate, who hadn't said anything this entire time. She was against me going, but didn't want to stop me She thought herself selfish; that I shouldn't trade the world for her
I went to kiss her gently on the lips. "I'll be back. If you asked I would trade this world for you; you know that." I said feeling her little tears. 
"No! I won't say that. You and the Kings will be the only ones who can stop this. I heard your meeting; I Know how bad this is. I saw the news too. The Great Deserts all over the world are flooding, yet no plants can grow. The trees shed their leaves early, and healthy fruit trees and crops are going dormant before they go to seed as if they're sick Look at the grass." 
I stopped her with one more kiss, and I had to kneel to her eye level to press my forehead to hers.
"ShhI know the world dies I feel that I will see you soon my mate." I said hugging her, rubbing my scent on her shirt. She'd need that if I was gone as long as I think I might be. We have to hunt him down And fight him
He was still heading west, into Californya
"I love you." She said in tears. 
"I love you too." I said giving her one last touch. I patted her hair, and if I didn't turn around, and put in headphones, I might have stayed. Those little eyes of hers wet with tears was dangerous. The loudness usually hurt my ears no matter how low I set them to be honestbut I'd rather listen to mortal news and WeTube Shorts than deal with them.
I sat in the back with the Man King, while Dianna sat in the passenger side, holding Herculian's hand. She looked pretty jealous at us so in love, but all that was her fault. If she wasn't a piece of shit, grandmother might have given her Jerold, not go so far as to negotiate with Arviel While Still Imprisoned, collecting Noah for the Battle Bull's mate, because he was a better match.
They said nothing to me, as they likely knew that my headphones were blocking the sound. I also had nothing to say to them. Should they start talking, I would turn it down to listen. However, if it wasn't business, I wouldn't contribute.
This went on for two hours.
The news was bad. It reminded me of when I was in my 20's, and Uncle Xaxas dealt with the first wave of Old Ones who woke, but didn't want to conform to his newer, more peaceful laws Some countries saw it as an opportunity to blame their enemies, while others cried the end.
The Holy Seat held mass to pray to the Lord of Light, that he has mercy on them. Since Arviel made men, about 75% of all humans either had Arviel directly as their main worship, or some variation that was still him, just maybe another name. 
Some worshiped the entire pantheon, while some only him, or others a combination of both him and Lia. Regardless, the Holy Seat's job was to be a human head all could look too, and find comfort. None of them knew of the Man King, who refused to ever take the position. The other 25% are mostly worshipers of some god in Arviel's good grace, as only recently have beings been allowed to worship the Horned One and celebrate Lunarween
Before that, you'd end up on the Ring, burned at the stake for even the utterance of the Horned One's name in the wrong place, or at the very least tortured. Humans today have no idea the atrocities committed to keeping them safe from themselves, not just us.
And then my signal went to one bar, as if my patience was being tested.
"You alight?" Asked Rodrick. I didn't really hear him, but he did poke me a bit.
I took out my headphones. You'd think a creature of the night would be stuffy against the church, but he'd done no wrong to me or mine, well not recently. I'm sure he'd done something being so old.
"I'm fine Father Rodrick." I lied, he chuckled.
"You know, listening to Confession for multiple lifetimes makes me pretty good at seeing you're Not. You're mate's fine." He said kindly. He was extending a proverbial olive-apple, and I took it.
"I know; I'm just still pissed for my uncle's sake." I admitted.
"I know that." He said shaking his head. "Diana, you are-" She cut him off.
"I *KNOW* I fucked up." She said looking at us from the front seat. "Back then I was hurt because I lost my husband. Then I had Jerold He was never meant to fall in love with me I was never meant to get pregnant." She grumbled. "I did have *some* feelings for him, but after my husband died, I walled that part of myself off"
"Yet, when both those things happened, you should have been an adult." Said Rodrick. "I've lived and died many times I must admit the first few I might not have been the best man, but I was a father for my children .and if you couldn't have been a mother, better he had been in Jerold's arms, or his grandmother's than in a field somewhere because you didn't want the responsibility. You don't even have to love your son, but if he seeks closure, it will be your job to give it."
"I know that too!" She said a little spent "I can't lie and say I was young, or that I didn't know that I was thinking. I am a Fae. We don't 'love' so instantly. You wolves and mortals, your hearts pour out kindness and attachment as if it's free. For us, it costs. Our bonds are marriage, and our children may slit our throats. We don't invest time in children we know won't thrive. We don't love our husbands I can't even rightly say I know what it is. When I see Jerold, I feel. Anger why am I saying this? Are you putting your magic on me?" She snapped.
He laughed. 
"No. You only speak your truth." Said Rodrick. "You hurt, you forced yourself to see Jerold and your son as how you saw your husband, or other connections. Fae are a selfish lot, but you are the most. It is your nature, as it is mine to heal others, regardless of how I feel about them personally." Rodrick said shaking his head. "The bonds you broke will never be mended, but maybe there might be room for forgiveness if you stop lashing out at them."
"He's right." Said Herculian. "Ironic that you say that, when your 'master' abandoned me too, yet I forgave him and Lia."
"We who live forever don't get the luxury to hold grudges, especially beings we Have to work with." Said Rodrick. "But that doesn't mean you ever forget. Listen to Hurculian. "
"I'm driving to go save the goddess who sent vipers to my mother's bed, making me an orphan during the old times. I heard the Pit took in the daughter of Tillik, a wolf, yet I, the son of the Sun God himself was forced to be a slave and eat pottage until one day I discovered my power, and took my freedom for myself  Not Once did my father help me, not once, yet he asks me to save this world again.and Lia begs my forgiveness as Diana does her son. Alavastros was Lucky to be in the forest, with spirits as a mindless half beast his fate would have been far worse should humans have found him."
"I remember that life. I was the one who found you after and made you a soldier." Said Rodrick. "I wasn't easy on you either."
"No but it made me a man, not a rightfully grudge holding demigod... I love my little fairy too much to see her and Lia in the same light though." admitted Herculian. "and It Irks Me Greatly that you already hate me so much Lord Kaizen, Son of Birrai'shivaal." 
"When did this become a pity contest?" I complained. "I refuse to feel sorry for any of you fuckers."
"Well aren't you as bitter as a mortal." Said Herculian; he grinned in the mirror. "I like you."
"Oh fuck off. We Aren't becoming friends!" I snarled.
". Could I bribe you with bacon?" He offered. "Just for a truce?"
"No." I said hearing him chuckle louder as my stomach betrayed me I didn't have breakfast. 
"I'm hungry. When we stop at Hamberger Royalty, I heard their Whipper Jr. is Wild Diet Friendly." Said Herculian as if he were negotiating. "I know you've never had one." He sang.
"Kaizen you should watch out; all the master's children really do have powers of charisma." Grinned Rodrick.
###chapter 60
A/n: Enjoy the two long double ###chapters!
Willow
"They're gone." Sighed Queen Samira sadly. She clutched her hands to her chest, and looked at the road. I felt bad too
I could almost feel the distance between us, and they'd only left an hour ago. We sat outside originally because the weather was nice also wolves were finishing up fixing the entrance of the house, and asked politely to wait a moment.
"Let's do something productive." I said slapping my cheeks. 
I would not cry I had to be strong. All the supernatural peoples would expect us, those in the Royal House to be someone to look up to. It wasn't like I wasn't used to that either, dealing with little children who look to adults. 
Time to fake it.
"What do you have in mind?" Asked Flora. Her hair blazed like fire since it glowed. "All my flowers are wilting but at least my sons are waking up." As their original caretaker, she loved them equally.
"What?! Did Kaizen press his horns to them?" I asked first.
"No but at least I know Half Beast." She smiled. 
"Alright." I said pulling my hair a bit, then pinning it into a messy bun as if that was my plan all along "Alavastros can fill them in with you. Jack, I want you to patrol, but at the same time I know you'd do better In town since you're so strong Ace do you think you can do patrol?" I asked, he bowed. Jack vanished without another word.
"Right away." Ace said shifting and leaving.
"I can send the royal guard." Said Samira. She motioned the Guard Captain Shakira, the hyena shifter. She stood a head and shoulders taller than the wolves at her side. 
"My lady, you're our priority." Said Shakira.
"I know. I want the wolves to leave. Honestly, with you and Jack here, anyone else is overkill." She said glancing at King Jerold's half beasts. The centaur was shifted, alert with aviator shades on. He wore leather armor on his torso, while his back had a satchel that held a bow and arrow.. 
"I am Captain Bane Bloodhoof, leader of the Royal Half-beast Guard." He bowed. "I am here for King Noah, but my eyes can see to the gates of Misfit. I will blow my horn should I sense anything." He was as large as the centaurs in hell, though his fur wasn't black like most of them. He was a dappled blue-gray horse with a black mane, hair and spots. His body shape was like a big draft horse, maybe a Clydesdale because of the black fur at his hooves?
"Perfect Captain Bloodhoof." Said Noah stoically, with a cup of coffee. He still looked pretty tired. "I want you on watch, and your son Banth can watch your back... I need a nap." 
He roared and trotted off casually, while a littler version of him went the opposite direction to watch the back of the neighborhood His son looked kind of like a teenager.
"Alright now you two need to relax before I do." Said Noah.
"How can we?" Said Samira with worry. "How are you so calm?" 
"I've been left behind many times, but honestly after Wednesday, he can leave me every time." He joked. "Why don't you two go help Flora? Neither of you speak Half-beast, but they'll feel more comfortable with you, especially Willow." 
I nodded and we left Noah alone the 'nap' he wanted was honestly being passed out for a full 8 hours. Now that his mate wasn't here, he could stop pretending that he could keep up Last time he slept so hard, Jerald almost took him to the new clinic
I shook off a shudder.
I felt so watched, knowing full well that was Jack.  Inside Flora's house, they smelled like they'd had showers, and they were clothed.
Flora hugged them all, though it was. really weird to see her kind side.
"They cannot speak English, but they express their gratitude" She said with a smile.
"I wish I could help." I said silently.
The horn was blown.
With it the earth shook as if some massive foe landed in Flora's yard.
"The Last Yellow Lavender! NO!" She screamed running out while Jack held me firmly. The next thing I knew, me and Samira were in Kaizen's Hellcat, and Jack cranked the car, but it wouldn't start.
From the passenger window I saw why his first choice was to just run. In the flaming circle was an enemy I knew none of the Royal Guards could take, yet those that were close fearfully had their weapons drawn.
"Do you think I would let you get away?" Asked a woman, who stood as tall as Kaizen in his true form. "Forgive my flames; I offer gold as compensation." She said snapping her fingers, and a small satchel of gold clinked to the ground just out of my view.
They were naked, but their chest was flat I couldn't see, nor wanted to really look at what was below Bushes obstructed about half their body from my view. Her voice was offputtingly masculine, but they were so beautiful, I can't imagine her being a man. Their build was lean with a deep chest, but their form held no flaws.
Their hair was red as actual fire, and the green eyes they held were full of anger, curiosity, and a sneer that told me we were Dirt.
It was just a glance, but it made me too scared to move. What monster was *this*.?
They stood in front of Flora, and she kneeled on hands and knees. She shook as she disappeared out of sight, while the beast-woman was silent. They tapped their foot with crossed arms, shaking the earth ever so slightly with the motion. I couldn't find myself sitting up enough to see the details of that but I could tell by their body movement.
"King of the Flame, allow my-"
He scoffed.
His five steps forward showed he was *definitely* a man
"You ask for Any beyond yourself to breathe? Have you been given my permission to do such a presumptuous thing?" He boomed. It broke the windows of the car. He sighed. "I should not hold a temper at *you* . The hot tongue lashes of my master have left me a little cross.  and I came making a grand entrance." He said the last part sheepishly. I think.
I don't know what she said, since it was like eagle noises? That language was too far from what I'd heard before to make heads or tails of it
"I am Eternya, the Flaming One, son of the Volcano God Apolis, more importantly, General of his majesty, the Realm King. And I have come myself to see my folly." He sneered. "Rise. I am not here for violence." He chuckled. I don't know what he kneeled down to tell her, since it was so quiet, but he said it with a smile.
I could literally feel the heat radiating off him from here. I don't know how I did it, but I got out of the car before Jack could stop me.
"Then if you are here for peace, Stand Down." I said standing on shaky legs, looking him in the eyes.
Within an instant, he was in front of me. He caught all three arrows meant for his back, shot by the centaurs, and they became ashes in an instant.
"He told me you were as fiery as your hair little vixen." He grinned ignoring the growing number of hostel guards. "The Master is unable to be involved you see." He snapped his fingers about five times. "What is the mortal saying? 'Put his foot in his mouth'.?" I nodded. "So I am here, in his stead. And to handle my bloodline." He bowed. 
"Your bloodline?" Said Samira. "I know him I've only met him once, but only as a bird. Eternya can be trusted." She stood at my side, smelling like a nervous horse, but the backup was nice.
 So he Was Flora's father So many old people were out here having unclaimed kids; they better be glad child support wasn't a thing!
He chuckled.
Damn it..
"Allow me entrance that I see my other blood." He said as a king would. There was no option to say anything other than 'yes' as he looked at Flora.
"No." She said in English.
"And Why Not?" He demanded. "Is it my visage? I asked Lord Asanguis did I look approachable, and he said I did." He grumbled. "Perhaps I look unnaturally so He did say I looked too hot for my own good, but I thought that was just a pun laced joke." he scratched his chin. 
"Your *tone* is too hot." I growled it sounded like a fox but I didn't mean to.
His smile was genuine, as if he was holding a laugh.
"You remind me of the young master's mate, Isabelle." He said shaking his head. He bowed to me and Samira.
"Willow's right." Said Samira. "I can't lie; you came so angered I didn't recognize you at all."
"I suppose." He said scratching his head. "How have you been since last I aided Lord Tyson?" He asked.
"Fine without being scared half to death!" She complained. "I vouch for him. He flew around the castle to protect me, and offered his aid to my mate. " She didn't share details but I would ask later.
"I will not disappoint my lady Now let me see him. I would not harm my own bloodline for no reason."
".no." Said Flora quietly. "You'll see he has no wings and behead him." 
He laughed. "I knew that before I left. Of Course, as the Fucking Bird King, I'd want my clutch to have flight, but I won't kill him for it. That isn't some crime so long as he isn't a featherless chicken; then he'd be a jay bird." He joked It did make Flora smile a little. "My last brood were traitors, and this one is unpledged." He huffed. "I just want to see him, speak with him. So long as you hail to the master, I have no issue with anyone."
"He doesn't know English yet." I blurted.
"I know most major languages, albeit older words" He said scratching his chin.
". Swear you won't harm any of them." Flora said standing, glaring him in the eyes. 
"What of yourself?" He asked. 
With one swift motion, he grabbed Jack from thin air, and slammed him to the ground He was unconscious from the impact, but otherwise was unharmed... I don't know how I knew that, but when I kneeled to check on him, he was alright
"I don't care about myself." Flora said firmly, looking at Jack so simply defeated Regardless of Samira's words, Eternya wasn't trusted
"I want no ill of either of you, or any you house, but I won't allow mortal hostility." Eternya said becoming duller. The heat that radiated off him was gone, along with the aura. "It has been a long time since I've had to restrain myself so tightly." He sighed. "Also can someone at Least get me some pants?"
I looked at the house with a nod, and one of my wolves ran to get him something. He shrank in the meantime about 5 inches still having to borrow Kaizen's clothes because I'm sure nothing else would fit. 
The Old Ones were literal forces of nature. He didn't Have to ask Anything. He could have just gone inside, but it was appreciated that he waited for the permission. Flora reminded me almost of mama birds, ready to swoop anyone who came near her sons. After all, I didn't know how long she was their caretaker, but I knew she was really old herself, and dodged a proverbial bullet. I knew by his mannerism he held no attachment to anything other than his master. Had this been during the war, I don't know if Misfit wouldn't be on fire right now, instead of a peaceful resolution. 

###chapter 61
A/N: I had to make this ###chapter like a ###chapter and a half before it switches to Kaizen
Don't worry guys, I got the good stuff lol
Willow
Eternya hummed deeply, looking Ellio in the eyes so intensely that he looked away. To be honest, his eyes were so expressive that it was possibly just his passive stare. That gaze was one of a King; he wasn't messing around. I didn't like it nor the fact that he knocked Jack out by just grabbing him. Samira went with him to the clinic, since she felt she didn't say enough. She did He was just doing his job. Though knowing Jack, he probably did it on impulse too
"They are all marked by my master's father; I am satisfied with them. But You" Eternya turned to Flora. 
She still didn't trust him I don't know if I did either. He was a general of Kaizen's Uncle, and only here because Xaxas said he wouldn't interfere in this business. The Realm King shouldn't have sworn off complete inaction, but if he didn't the other Gods and Guardians who did with him might not have either. And I would have no real idea, only speculation as to who made King Xaxas choose to stay at his castle.
"I must pledge." She said breaking the silence. Flora was unable to meet his gaze, but she still stood next to the 5 minotaur, Alavastros included.
"Aye little daughter. Even if they hailed to Arviel, they do not hold the taste of fire's flicker. You can Not be unaccounted for." He said sternly. "I assume for their sakes you will pledge; but it'll quite literally knock you outa few hours." 
"Why?" She asked. "I have lived since directly after the War. Surely-" He laughed.
"I am at least twice that. The mark is more than *Just* being claimed. Lord Kaizen gives all in his band his grandfather's boon." He said sternly. "Albeit a minor version of it, with Lady Willow being the exception."
"If I need the mark to care for my children. I want to do it now." She said confidently. I wanted to help, but what could I do?
"Then you should have a taste of Willow's blood. She is his mate; she holds the same permission he does." Said Eternya answering my question.
"I don't know how to do anything." I mumbled These guys were bragging about being older than written language, yet I was only 27. I shouldn't feel so incompetent.
"And Lord Kaizen is merely a century, yet I and the Pit were summoned to this realm to guard his lands. That should show the Quality of his blood little vixen." He chuckled. "Bite your wrist."
I'd never purposefully inflicted pain on myself 
"I don't think I can do that either." I admitted looking down. 
"I have an idea." Eternya went into the kitchen and rummaged around. He put a red-hot thumb claw to the edge of it, and honed the blade. It rang as it shaved the hair off his arm "There. It's no dagger, but if it can cut my feather fuzz, it should cut so fine you don't feel anything." He encouraged. 
He was putting too much faith in me 
"Are you sure this will work?" I asked holding the small knife. It seemed this ritual required my participation. She couldn't just bite my arm I had to willingly give my blood
"Yes, along with sharing through your horns." He said sitting on the couch. He turned on As the Globe Rotates.
"Wait you watch that *garbage*?" Blurted Alavastros.
"What?! Mortal shows are entertaining! Plus, Lovers and Baseball: Atlanta isn't on yet." He said defensively. He was a bird; maybe he liked the drama. Plus, he might have done this to calm the others down.
"Your time zones are off father; they come on at noon here." She said sheepishly. So she watched too
"OOO." He said legitimately excited  He turned it on, and they were doing a recap episode, so the new one had to come on sometime in the near future. "Hurry up and pick what you both are going to do."
I was starting to see a pattern with the Night's creatures They were terrible people who did bad things, but their personalities weren't so bad. Many of them in their 'time off' were 'normal' people, and the angels were hypervigilant because their charges are so easily killed.
Their Job Must Be Much More Stressful.
"Your thought's more loaded than you know. I'll tell you later." He said with a smile.
"I think I'm ready." I mumbled. I cut my hand. It hurt like a papercut, but I offered the palm of my hand to her before it healed. She tried to be gentle, and as gross as it was, the ritual was done.
He caught her when she fell asleep, and carried her upstairs. Her sons followed in silence, understanding what I did, just not having the language to share their thoughts. When they came back, Eternya got himself some wine out her cabinets, and put a gold coin in its place. 
"I may be a bad guest, but I'm not inconsiderate." He chuckled. "Anyway, press your horns to each of your subordinates and think of your native language. I've seen my master do this a hundred times."
They were concerned for their mother, but he must have already explained all this to them in half-beast since none of them were freaking out.
I gingerly pressed my forehead to the black haired one first. They smelled like Scottish Springtime soap. And I saw his life's story. His days were filled with pets and treats It was like he was trying to show me how he saw Flora, and occasionally a large bull who shifted to spar with them all. That was his father, Rezzol. His coat pattern was like a standard spotted cow.
He wasn't rough or mean, even grazing with them overnight.I focused on sharing English with Wix I'd heard his name before, but I know I didn't remember it. His Brother Ark was next then Rubin, the blonde. He didn't understand his memories of his father at the time, but I did. Those shamed looks There was a lot of hurt and disappointment that came with mindless children.
This didn't happen with harpies, centaur, or satyr Those peoples were born with human heads, so they had the human mind Minotaur are basically two legged bulls, and were one of the first cursed creatures made by Humblon, Lord of Mercy and Second Chances.
But that was about all I knew.
All 4 of them lived lives down there eating grass, and before that they kind of just wandered in the forest with Flora as their diligent shepherd.
"That was intense." I said seeing all 4 of them nap without another word. 
I didn't know what I was doing, so I really hope I did it right. I know they saw my human life but mine wasn't a bad one.
"Good." Said Eternya. "The master sent a thumbs up, so he's satisfied. I'm to remain here until your mate has returned."
"Ok um. Can you tell me about the war?" I asked.
A chair next to him was pushed with hot air 
"You want to know the gritty bits about their origins, don't you?" He said with a cheeky grin. He turned off the tv, reclining back. His show's new episode had aired, and I wondered how much time I spent doing that Holy crap it was 3pm!
"With the half beasts, understand first that the mixing of blood isn't illegal. All creatures were made able to make love with, and implant seed in any under the sun. That part all the gods agreed on except Humblon, Lord of Mercy, Second chances, and Purgatory.
Arviel made Jerold's mother, Glycasia of Athenia as he does all his creatures, but Especially her since she was a Temple of the Light Priestess. Arviel sent no angels to such a small place, but he protected her village passively, and blessed them with health but she fell in love with the Bull Demon General Torrus. You can imagine the gossip. He didn't even have a mortal form, being a giant talking beast. I don't know how deep their 'love' was, but I never asked. To be fair, it might have started as a trade for her body to save her people That was common then too." He said scratching his chin 
"That's barbaric." I said as he chuckled. He poured himself some more wine. With that bottle empty he seemed to summon a white wine this time with magic, and flipped another coin in there. 
"Imagine you're still mortal, and your mate came to kill, eat, and probably fuck the entire town." He said with a small smile. "What could an *unarmed female* mortal do against a high general? The Church would not send their high ranks to a place so isolated and insignificant. Had she been in Rome, of course, or any other major city. Think about how you all reacted when I landed." He said firmly. "She broke her vows for her people, at least at first.... No one was mad at her for that; it was the continuation of it that made the issue. The mortals hid her away Until she became fat with child."
I was silent because he was right. I legitimately freaked out with everyone else.
"But it wasn't all bad I imagine he wouldn't sneak from hell to see her against the master's wishes if it was Just That. This was Completely Unheard Of, a Demon Defying his master. Then Arviel found out when he had to make the hybrid soul. You can imagine how pissed he was that his mortals weren't fighting the demons; they were fucking them, and Humblon cursed her. She birthed Jerold, naming him Aeschylus, but he was mindless."
He paused. 
". When the Horned One found out, he ordered Torrus back *Immediately*. He punished Torrus so harshly, all hell was silent for a day, that part I witnessed., but I do not know the outcome. Some say he was tossed in the Pit, though as such a high demon, maybe not He was meant to be the Lord of Aggression Yet another sits there. That Lord's name is so long it makes him angry when he introduces himself." He chuckled. And continued.
"And then Glycasia died by and angel's blade, but that part's speculation too. "
"Is it true?" I asked.
A/N: Kaizen's section will be next, but her ###chapter bled into it a bit.
###chapter 62
Willow
"Maybe? Arviel was not satisfied that she found a small Grecian island, and that Jerold was healthy. This was meant to be her suffering penance to watch him die, or hurt those 'round him, including her. Though some say she was killed by demons despite mating Torrus and smelling of him even to this day with the Horned One so angered.
 Jerold ripped the heavens apart to get her back from Purgatory. Back then, there was no veil Some say she went straight to hell, but if that was the case, how did he manage to get her back? He's why the Spirit World has Grendel, the First Wolf, as its gatekeeper.  The Sleeping Wolf King Ashital is merely the first to have flesh form, being his first son."
 "Wow that's a lot of drama." I mumbled.
"Aye." He said pouring a glass of white wine meant for me.
He sat there in the recliner chair in front of the Tv, casually swirling it. "Elivitas." He said raising the glass, and the white wine became black.
"Sorry. I don't partake." I said trying to decline, but his stern face told me that wasn't happening.
"You fear the magic, and more importantly the smell reminds you of your past. Your friends are in likely Haven being mortal, so long as they weren't bad people." He said factually.
"What did you do to it?" I asked letting him keep it.
"It's an energy regeneration spell. It lifts the spirits, and heals pain. If you want I could cast Levitas on you, but this is safer."
"I'll just drink water." I mumbled. It looked like syrup now, and watching his face as he drank it made me want it Even Less.
"More for me. I'm finally getting a buzz." He chuckled, downing that bottle too.. "I assume you want to continue?"
"I do" I said still sitting.
"All the while I flew at the master's right, under his great steed, the now God of Death. We killed so many I can't rightly put a number on it. But I thought I was careful with the women." He mumbled. "I must have missed a concubine after my defeat, and my orders changed to rest and retreat Oh well." He said looking briefly upstairs. "Had she not willingly pledged to any of the masters, I'd have had no qualms about doing what I needed to."
I only knew a sliver of information about Eternya's last known child. She tried destroying this world, but as punishment, they were sent away.
"Why is it so important what side she's on?" I asked. "Is it because of your past children?"
He looked at me as if I asked a stupid question. The Answer was 'yes'.
"You're not stupid, you're Young. So young that most your age don't think of children.. There is peace and a truce now, but should war break out, I don't want to get attached to those who will become my targets. This place stinks of angel. This place is Blessed by the Light, since his son slept here. We Are Not the good party. We Are the Night's Chosen. You will not see war, being so small, but your mate will, as will your children when you have them. Do you think you'd be alright with Lord Kaizen slaying your sons? It won't be a matter of negotiation either." He said factually.
He looked up at the room again, as if he were relieved that wasn't the case regardless of his harsh words.
"Mistress Harmony softened my heart. Well, to be more honest, she gave me the out I needed to get soft in the first place. The master in the past held this world under his undefeatable thumbAll who did not kneel were fodder at worst, discarded toys at best. It's nice to relax... To be in the sky for days raining down literal fire and lava was fun, but it gets stale. I already know how to maintain their measly little lives as I tortured them for years."
"I get that he was out for revenge The Moon Goddess was imprisoned.. .but why torture people?" I asked.
"I'll put it like this: I am the General of The God of Judgment. I do not question why he wants something. My orders drive my feet. Master needed information. I squeezed everything they knew out of them. How they screamed I even learned how to-" He paused. "It becomes boring, like a movie you've already seen twice compared to all the new stuff now." He grinned. "The first thing to go would be technology. Mortals weren't meant to know any of this stuff after all."
"Oh" I said looking down. It was as if humans weren't even people to them.
"They weren't; Come sit Flora. I know you were listening too." He said responding to me.  Eternya also watched Flora come downstairs silently. "At least now the free may pursue their happiness, while the farmed give the ultimate, unwilling sacrifice for the sake of peace in my mistress's words...I believe their reward is Haven. since well the way their kept. I don't rightly know if they know anything beyond their cells.  Before the Master's mercy, all were dust beneath his feet, hardly worth blinking at should one die. Now through the Mistress, he at least offered a solution that keeps the world as it is now." 
Flora added to this.
"I remember taking in all the orphans I could once I was able. Generations of mortals were made homeless, because the cities they escaped no longer existed. I hid them from my people, while the Dragon King ruled over us. He wasn't cruel. Well not *too* cruel, but I led a resistance. The mortal world was harsh. Much harsher than it is now. 
Many pregnant women without husbands were accused of witchcraft, even though only those born with powers can use it
Those who actually did love demons, or supernaturals, were treated the same.
The retaliation from those who loved their mortal wives rocked the countryside too Many small battles spilled more blood until about 40% of the human population was left, and about 45% of supernaturals including all what the Realm King decimated
Any hybrid born, any indication that you weren't all human could land you behind bars, and many supernaturals were wary of hybrids, because the Really human looking ones were SNAKES." She hissed angrily. She took a breath, and continued.
"Lastly there was the Plague of undeath The dead rose filled with vengeance, angry that they died without resolution. They killed the living and ripped them apart, but with the Realm King's hand off this world, about half didn't rise from being turned undead. It was as if his sleep made their curse inactive partially. 
That was I think around the time I married Asmondi The dead in their mass graves were forced to pass on, but the plague of illness rocked the world too. But it was almost a blessing, because the Treaty Of 1605 came not too long after that. However, by then I was out of this world's affairs  So I might be wrong."
"I was defeated and sleeping during all this." Said Eternya. "I've heard some of this though."
----Kaizen-----
It was Diana's turn to drive, since we didn't stop because it was late. 
I ate the Whipper Jr 
..It. was. Amazing.
I'd had human food before, but not this flavorful..
"So about that Truce." Grinned Herculian.
"..*Fine*." I mumbled eating my 9th one. He refused to take my money when we got to the window Again!
We were 18 hours into a 20 hour drive to Dead Vally The first one he gave me with the extra bacon and cheese I'm coming home with 40 more of these. The pack must know
We need a Hamber Royalty or any other place that had stuff we could eat.
"I have more places to show you! I can't wait!" He smiled. It was almost infectious if not for my stubbornness.
"You sound so happy about this." I complained.
"I mean, I know I'm gonna die in the next 3 hours; why not have a good last meal." He said cheerfully.
"Don't say that." Growled Diana. "I I opened my heart to you. You better not." She scolded him like that was something he could help.
"Babe, he is going to be naturally resistant to my abilities, plus I've seen the aftermath of Leviathan  those who are in Arviel's good grace receive additional damage."
"That makes no sense." I blurted. "Blood Kin are Allies oh right." I said feeling a little stupid.
The Lord of Contradiction will make War with his potential allies, and Seduce his enemies into aiding his cause. After all, a brother is more likely to help another brother, than a demon.
"We champions will be immune to that." Said Rodrick.
"Herculian go home." Said Diana.
"No." He said simply. "If I die, I die. I'll be back." 
"No you won't I saw Leviathan's corpse too. He was a Husk. Absorbed. Contradiction is an Eater of Souls, yet he's made of mortal's Flesh."
"I have a general's boon from Grandfather; so I should be fine. Herculian if you die, I'm pissing on your grave."  I warned.
He sighed. "Just let me do this. I want to be at least One Hercule who's not a fucking meathead, idiot, philanderer, or asshole." He grumbled. "Do you know how many of me there are? How many 'herks' there are on different worlds? Millions. Literally Millions of Just Copies of METhere's Millions of half-brothers too.Countless ones, one on almost every world. Go to Ei-arth and bring back Herculeas. He's not a bad one. He's *really-really* short though." He chuckled. She didn't.
". I didn't want you because you were a demigod I know of the countless bastards of the Sun. I wanted you because you wouldn't break." She hissed. He tried to pet her hair and she bit him pretty hard. He yelped. 
"Then I promise if I Do die, I won't get eaten." He said with a small smile.
"Alright." She said this silently like a little kid. 
He was cashing a check with his mouth his ass can't cashI sighed. 
"I guess instead of teaming with Rodrick, I need to watch You." I grumbled.
"See I Knew we would be friends." He beamed.
"Oh my gods." I face palmed. "Why do you look so happy about that." 
"Because I might get to pet you." He said happily.
I growled.
"You will Not touch my fur!" I said angrily.
"When they were small, they were so fluffy. Look what his majesty sent." 
Wait who?!" I yelled. "Who Betrayed Me?!" I demanded.
"Lord Tyson." She grinned passing him the poison 
My reputation as a fierce Warrior was ruined by Sailor Photos! Damn it Mom! Why did I have to be *Cute* ?!
Herculian Squealed. 
"AH! So Fluffy!" He said with a wide grin The meathead was wholesome  He literally made himself glow with the thought of touching my fur.
But I will NOT demean myself by being Fucking Petted!
I texted Tyson; I didn't care that I had no signal. If Contradiction doesn't kill him, I will!
###chapter 63
Kaizen
We got out the car; the air was so dry here.
The desert poured all the rain from the sky that it could, and warmish water went to my ankles, yet the temperature didn't change. It wasn't natural, nor cooling in any way, nor did it evaporate from the intense heat. I bet I could fry an egg on the car.
"The mortals are evacuated right?" Asked Herculian.
"Some are stubborn, but those who stay know the risk." Said Rodrick. "I sense him over there." He pointed.
"I scent him. The only benefit to the hot air, is that he sticks out." I said with a growl, taking off my shirt. I put my clothes in the car, but the weird thing about it was that my clothes should be soaked I could only guess his Contradiction powers prevented the rain from nourishing the land, or doing what water is Supposed to do
Something like that would be useful against a water creature like Leviathan. I wonder how many he'd killed in this short time. I could sense him stronger than the last time I encountered him.
"My fire probably won't burn him, and the light won't blind or cleanse him..or magic might do the opposite." I said looking in the distance.
He could fly without wings. Mocking gravity. I bet that really put the god's panties in a twist. 
I shifted and bounded in the air. I made the clouds rumble thunder with my speed and red lightning.
"That wasn't the plan!" Yelled Herculian, crouching, and glowing before he shot past me as pure light.
He knew I couldn't respond in a way he could understand right now, but I made contact with Contradiction in the sky. My teeth ripped off his cloak, and he grinned, brandishing a sword in each hand, except a torch in his top right.
"You think your fangs will be enough." He chuckled. "Let's test them against my borrowed weapons hmm?"
[They'll have to be.] I snarled and his eyes lit up. He'd never been trained in wolf speech, yet he spoke it.
[Oh this will be Delightful.] he smiled wide, laughing as if he were insane. Contradiction's blade dance was hard to dodge, but my horns couldn't be cut by the blades, Rodrick stood on the ground, having his bow drawn, but unable to fire 
Diana had a similar problem, since she can cast Absolution Magic, unobtainable to any but a Champion but she'd kill us since we were so close. Rodrick made a barrier with light as well, but it was clear that he and Diana were more supportive than fighters at the moment...
She'd shoot me or her boyfriend if she used her magic, even her magic darts. She told me a bit about her abilities in the car, that if she needs too, she can die as an offering to change reality around her with magic but it was Dangerous. And 100% fatal to those around her. 
"Holy Smite!" yelled Hurculian. He became dressed in a white and gold toga, with a sword and shield so large, no mortal could ever dream of holding it.
Contradiction blocked him with three arms, and I had to teleport, preventing his torch swing with my horns before he could slam it down on him.
Herculian zipped in straight lines as pure light, before ending up behind him, and with my horn on his torch, I became his focus.
"That's all you got!" He grinned.
"You only know but a fraction of my power dog!" Herculian bashed his shield at him, causing him to plummet about 50 feet down, but not anywhere close to the ground.
He blocked Herculian's enormous double-edged sword and comically large white shield with two hands, while I had the torch, and he caught an arrow from Rodrick with the fourth. He'd tossed the blade in the air, and caught it in about 3 seconds, but if either of us moved, his hands would be free.
"HA! Arrows do not pierce me human!" He said throwing the arrow back with deadly precision, and it got Rodrick in the left shoulder in those 3 seconds..
I turned to teleport, but I had to double back for Herculian. If Rodrick died, he's the Champion of the Sun Herculian can come back too, but unlike the rest of us, he could get his soul sucked. Damn it.
"I'll heal you." Offered Diana, glowing green as the Champion of Lia.
He grunted, but I couldn't really focus on them. Contradiction had 4 arms free again, and it was because of me. I would rectify it.
He shot cold fire out his torch, and I dodged the spikes that jutted straight up to the sky from the freezing ground below. Anything the 'fire' touched became a spike of ice 100 feet in the air. Some even exploded from the impact of the fire. I struck the ground with lightning as I landed, careful not to harm my already injured shield brother
I shifted, sliding across the ice with the momentum I had, and shot a hellfire arrow at him, while I saw my brother get out his car. He didn't wait for his clothes, he just teleported up to confront him, while Grace rode Aureus with her staff in hand. She hurled it at him, and it would have gotten Contradiction in the heart if not for it being on the wrong side. It landed and embedded itself in the ground
"You actually got me this time!" He beamed, tossing two swords in the air before teleporting.
"FUCK YOU!" Screamed Grace in anger.
He used two hands to clap, while the other two blocked me and Herculian, since we were right on his tail. He switched hands when he caught his swords, missing my head with a swing from his bottom left one, but I got two fingers that held the torch It was the only ranged thing he had, but he didn't even flinch.
I was closer, so I could hear it was on the right... but since Grace rode the Dragon King, she might not have noticed. My siblings looked tired too, as if they all had engaged him before. I tried going for the torch again. Its metal was hot, but it couldn't burn someone designed for Tarteron. 
"Worrisome little shit." Contradiction sneered. He began to glow, but I wouldn't let go. It was the source of his magic if I could just get it out of his hands.
[Brother, he shoots lasers too!] Warned Tyson, pushing me out the way, taking the shot of pure light in the liver. The whole through him was about the size of a softball..
[Tyson!] I screamed, though Diana caught him. He made the water around him red as roses, but I had no time to mourn one who could not die
"He's alright. This is Nothing you Wretch!" Diana said, offering her support. 
Her hands glowed as Tyson's injuries grew thorns out his body It looked painful, but I knew she used likely the most powerful healing spell she had. I could hear him moan loudly since he shifted, and Diana had trouble keeping his head above water She chanted a long spell in an ancient language 
"Damn it! Die!" Grace yelled, jumping off her mate to engage him personally bare handed. She punched him hard enough that he parted the waters, making a small tidal wave in the ankle high salty water 
We were nowhere near the ocean, yet this water held that smell now..
"It's like you're not even trying.!" He boasted. "Leviathan was deliciaous, Pollax tasted of strawberries, Amphian was a symphony of flavor and you Bring me Herculian." He grinned wide.
He teleported as light to get behind his brother, and strangled him, while dodging dragon's fire that became ice with one of his hands.
 Grace landed to get her staff, and I surprised him by shifting only one arm, and getting him round the neck with my bow. It made him let go, but the muscles of the mighty Demigod of Strength looked a little deflated
" I said I wouldn't Do this, but I need to be of better aid. I summon you, my steed, the First Unicorn Uriel!, the Glittering One!" Rodrick said while running and a beam of white light parted the clouds, and stopped the rain. In its place was a mighty horse, one whose muscles could be seen through his fur.
Now the ground was wet, but the solid white glittering Unicorn-Pegasus threw his head back and neighed. Rodrick rode the great King, who looked as if he recognized the face of Contradiction.
Diana left Tyson's head to fall as she caught Herculian, and dragged him back to the car, crying as she did so. Her true concern and fear for her lover was a strange hypocritical sight, but I couldn't help but feel bad.
"Don't break! Don't Break Please!" She yelled, as he chuckled.
My hands were full here, and Rodrick was offering support by clearing the sky, and raining down pure light. He melted the ice and the water no longer smelled salty. His arrows shot the clouds away, making gusts of wind that will likely blow down any homes nearby.
"I'm not fatally injured, but keep the clouds parted Come sundown, me and Rodrick will be halved in power." He coughed, reaching, pulling my brother by the scruff and putting Tyson's head on his chest as he sat up. "They really are soft." He said falling asleep.
"Healias!" yelled Diana, trying to save them both, but it was clear soul mending wasn't her forte, and keeping my brother alive was proving too much. She began to age, looking 50 or so. Her hair became white as they both slept
I felt the snap of my patience. 
"What you do in the heavens is Your business, but what you do to the citizens of Urth is Mine." I snarled. This time when I teleported, I rammed him with so much force towards Rodrick, that if Uriel hadn't kicked him to the ground with his back legs, he might have killed Rodrick on impact.
###chapter 64
Kaizen
The impact of his face hitting the ground made a satisfying boom, and I drew my bow. It crackled with buzzing lightning, and the sound of thunder rumbled when I let my arrow loose.
He was nailed in the ground with lightning so red it looked black, and I got him in the heart.
"AH!" He screamed, ripping it out, but I gave him no time to recover.
I teleported to where he was, since he used his light powers to save himself. Zipping as light he tried to escape, but he was shot back by something wooden
Uncle Jerold ran with Centaur at his left and right. He had only one arm and was missing his horns, but he snorted hot steam. He ran with a determined stomp. Nothing could stop the charge of the King of Halves 
"Ak-Arr!" He shouted in his native tongue, and arrows bounced off Contradiction. Jerold held a club the size of a small tree, still fighting even though he was at a great distance and disadvantaged on the ground. "El Ek mar Hak Eith, Ree Reth Rah-Tow!" He shouted a threat.
I didn't know what he said, but I knew my uncle well enough.
"This again?!" He yelled, teleporting to Jerold, but this time he dodged the same move that decapitated him last time.
Jerold hit him like a baseball, and he flew through the air unable to slow down as he spun. He teleported near the Unicorn King.  It was definitely an accident, since I believe he could nullify the powers of disorder and chaos that oozed from Contradiction.
He neighed words that were responded too by Contradiction, and he shifted, holding Rodrick in one arm, and a white glowing sword in the other. 
He tossed Rodrick to me, and I caught him but we could only watch in awe as Uriel fought a 4-armed man with a single longsword.
"Hi." He said sheepishly. "Can I hire you to be my new steed?" Rodrick joked.
"Nah, I'm sure the Church wouldn't be too happy about it." I said shaking my head, putting him down.
The sound of metal swords ringing as bells caught my attention. Uriel was fluid as liquid, holding a stern gaze with piercing ice blue eyes, and a sneer that told me he was so intent on this battle, that he saw nothing else
"Die." He said simply, striking him with a bolt of pure light.
The ground below became cracked dust before being covered with water again it was so hot the water boiled. The steam rose at least 40 feet in the air before it cooled. 
"WHAT IS THIS?!" Contradiction screamed. 
"The trivial blessing of my angered master." Said Uriel.
"Why does it not turn to darkness?!" He shouted confused.
"That which is truly pure cannot be tainted." He said with a horse snort. "Purify the water." Uriel commanded, looking at Rodrick. 
"Aye old friend. Sorry to drag you into all this." He said sheepishly, becoming covered in robes like you see on the Holy Seat, though his big hat had a glowing halo around the top of it. 
In one hand was a big metal ball that had smoke coming out of it, and the other a large wet paintbrush that made the water smell holy Rodrick swung the chain on the smoke ball, and sprinkled water on my brother, who burned. "Sorry." He mumbled 
Holy water burns; that couldn't be helped. Tyson was too out of it to say anything either, but he did need to have his wound likely purified being so large.
"I get to see my kids." Uriel said swinging his sword, and a beam of light flowed with it. 
The beam was so bright that being under it blinded me when it swooshed overhead. I don't think in battle I'd ever been truly afraid.
In Hell I was surrounded by Grandfather's chosen.
On Urth, I was usually the biggest thing in the forest.
As a Prince, none questioned my words but there was a silent awe to seeing the Unicorn King, the only man to ever last days in continuous battle with Uncle Xaxas.
He felt so holy, that his aura burned me a bit just enough to warn me not to get closer.
 Amazing.
I don't know how Contradiction dodged it, but he held a cauterized arm I struck it with red lightning, and it exploded. When I caught the sword, I knew it was one of his brothers 
"Thank you." Said Amphian.. He was a small white ball of light fuck 
"I'll send him to his father." Said a female angel sweetly. "Oh, forgive me, I am Titafia."
"I am Kaizen." I said surprised at her kindness.
When did She get here?! My guard was up, yet I did not sense her until she said something.
She sounded like auditory candy It's hard to imagine someone who looked and sounded so sweet was in white shining armor with a sword on her side almost as long as her.  I doubt she could even land with that thing strapped on.
"Thank you." She said happily, reaching out, and I passed her the sword.
"Anytime." I said burning a bit as her hand grazed mine I kind of felt bad for some reason for Amphian. She apologized and flew off, but it was an honest accident. I held no grudge for it.
I turned my focus back to the fight, shooting Contradiction in the back.
"You Little Shit! Why did it not become sharp rubber?!" He screamed. "He's not pure!" 
He was punched in the face by Uriel, and this time it was Aureus who had a turn. He raced through the air, leaving a small streak of light from the glint of his fan's blades.
Angels came to watch as well, and Titafia flapped next to me again. I knew Uriel had children with a female angel His twin sons resided on the Realm King's private island. This had to be their mother She was light blue haired with white wings. Her hair went to her ankles, and her blue eyes matched the sky
Aureus's fan was basically a sword that could flap open, and the gust gave him more momentum.
He slit Contradiction's throat.
"By order of My God, you are to Die." Said Uriel Icily. "May his light hold the smallest taste of mercy, **for I will show this world but a Fraction of his might** ." his sneer made us silent even the wind held no breezy audio 
"Fuck you!" Contradiction screamed, getting desperate, trying to turn to slime to escape again, but he was slammed to the ground.
"You slay my master's people. You bring Torment to his wife. I will not show mercy, for even his Brother has told me to have not a shred of compassion." Said Uriel. His eyes were fire. He began to charge an attack
Everything went black for a moment, while the angels chanted a song I'd heard before Something told me it was called Aurora.The very one that could sometimes be heard in holy places all its own each their own pastel yellow light like candles in the artificial darkness..
"Rodrick." Said Uriel like a commander.
"The Light's Hands Bless you." Said Rodrick stoically. He tossed him something that glowed, emitting light himself. 
"Ha! I caught it." Said Contradiction happily, but I knew better. I landed to stand in the barrier of Diana, and the domed light of Rodrick. It was my instincts that took me there, along with the Dragon King and Grace.
"The Light's Hands Smite." Said Uriel.
I couldn't see anything, but I could feel the power that temporarily blinded me. The heat from the light obliterated Contradiction's Second arm to Dust while he screamed, still holding whatever it was that was pried from that hand.
He now had only two right hands, and one still held the torch.
"I will burn this World Asunder!" He shouted angrily, shooting white lightning at the horse.
Uriel dodged it with his blade.
"He must lose his arms before he can be slain!" I shouted, making my aim true.
He seemed to get faster as he fought Uriel, but I summoned everything I had for this one. I wouldn't miss I don't know how I knew that, but I did I could almost feel someone holding my arm as I drew it back.
"Let me help." Said Areus, charging his fan I knew what he was trying to do, and I closed my eyes. His wind is from his mother, the Air Goddess Freeya, and it should rocket my arrow farther.
"Shoot this." Said Grace, putting her staff on top of the magic arrow I materialized, and it kind of fused together.
[Mine too.] Said Tyson. He summoned his sword that pulsed with his life force. It would shatter if he died, but he was stable enough.
"Father Below Give my aim truth, and my magic wonder to show this world your might." I said letting go.
Behind it was pure darkness, and its outline was red lightning It made no sound as it hit him, launching him high above what few clouds were left. I got him in the back of the head, which knocked him out, and he fell from the sky slowly His magic of defying gravity was gone with the third arm, but the torch arm was last.
His body was burned and smoldering
The boom of thunder rumbled the water and split the earth when he landed slowly.. All the water was gone now and so was his torch holding arm.
Since his arms had to be removed, he did not die but those who saw the might of us working together looked with genuine concern.
Uriel landed, and he shook his glittering hair. "Die." He said simply.
He plunged his sword into the neck of Contradiction, and the blade was so hot, that it did not bleed. He held the head high in the air. And the angels bowed their heads. 
"We weep for the Sons of the Sun, but this world is his wife. Forgive us for the pain we bring you, Lady Lia." He said tossing the head to an angel. Someone else took his body, but they made sure to keep them separate
Black as well as white flowers grew, and cactus's made fruit instantly, radiating from Contradiction's dying place.for miles as far as the eye could see, the petals rained like a piano's tears in the slightest breeze but this time the wind whistled. The air was sweet and holy, but one could also smell the scent of Tarteron itself from my last arrow.
None of us said anything, because we'd never seen anything like that. The original Kings did... they lived it but as Uriel approached me, I could feel every fiber of my being cringe. He was a warrior only my Uncle could best..
That was why Xaxas murdered him so thoroughly, that he couldn't come back with the Champion's blessing It took the God of Judgment to slay him, a man made of literal purity.

###chapter 65
A/N: Enjoy the really long ###chapter!
Kaizen
The energy between us caused a bit of a breeze, but I stood firm in front of my brother. I knew he wasn't coming with hostility It's just hard being near someone who was so far beyond me. He was a seasoned Warrior. And I could tell he'd been training the entire time he was dead.
"I am Uriel, the Glittering One. First Unicorn. Lesser Champion of Lord Arviel." He said sternly. "I thank you, young ones for your aid." He smiled, radiating a little light passively
Out of curiosity, and honest pride in my people, I let him see mine. I wasn't quite sure if I'd have one that was grand compared to his, but it took no effort to summon. 
I am the fast one, so I crackle red lightning with my dark aura neat. Grace, the strong one's aura was pure black, with red ashes that gently floated up. Tyson was too weak to greet the Unicorn King formally, being laid out so poorly injured.
I could hear the thorns force him to live by digging into his innards, while Herculian's soul had been partially sucked. He looked like a muscular raisin With Tyson out, I was the one to introduce us
"I am Prince Kaizen, Son of Birrai'shivaal, God of Justice, Retribution, and Punishment, grandson of Zuviel. At my left is my sister, Grace, behind me is my brother, Standing King Tyson of the Wolves, and brother in law Aureus, the Mighty One, Dragon King, Son of Saiyatok and Goddess Freeya. And Diana Queen of the Fae." I said stoically.
Uriel hummed. "So the rumors of the Wind Goddess is true, though.I have not met the Last-Born Prince of Hell. If he is anything like his children, he is welcome at my side."
His handshake burned, but he let go as swiftly as tradition allowed. I did not show weakness by hissing at the pain of it either. They were injured far worse than me. Jerold finally passed out when he got to us, covered in deep gashes that would have any other dead. He was so stubborn I don't think he would have stopped until he was outright killed to be fair.
It made me wonder. If he was at 100% when he teamed up with us, how hard would he have hit Contradiction. I wish I got to see his initial fight..
"Get up Herculian." Uriel hissed.
"I'm dying." He said weakly, until Uriel kneeled down and flicked him behind the ear. "OW!"  He healed him, but it didn't look an exactly nice way to do it.
"Mmhmm. Let the Son of Hell be. I'm sure he isn't as soft as me anyway." He joked.
"You won't let me touch you." He complained.
"Naturally." Said Uriel.
Herculian let Tyson's head lay flat on the flower covered earth while he kneeled slowly He pet my brother between the horns, as if he knew the great secret. That it feels so nice it's damn near forbidden.
[Who's petting me? stop it.] Growled Tyson.. He was *actually* in critical condition.
"I hardly got to know you wolf, yet I shed tears for your sake." Said Herculian The enormous musclehead sounded defeated. "There is no more noble thing than to die for a good cause."
"Even my magic cannot mend this. Intertwined with the Magic of Diana, is a curse laid on him by Contradiction. I think it best he dies." Said Uriel, kneeling to my brother's level as well. "This is very unsatisfactory. Master, I don't understand." He mumbled.
Tyson managed to let out a single dry laugh. 
[.Death is my Uncle. It would be nice.] Said Tyson. He patted the ground three times with his paw weakly, but nothing happened.
[I don't want you to.] said Grace completely upset, she likely couldn't speak English right now She was the strong one; showing weakness wasn't something she really did. She hugged him, but it only gave him pain.
[Grace. I have no liver, half my intestines, and rose thorns lash what's left, clinging to me tighter every breath all the while Contradiction's curse aids in keeping me alive, since it brings me suffering It won't be forever.] He shifted with a soundless scream. I could see it on his face, but he held his breath to be silent. "I accept my death. Release the spell Diana." He said proudly, clearly. Like a King. He stood holding his wound It already looked infected, yet it was much too fresh for that.
"If you did not ask out your own mouth, I don't think I'd have the heart to do this" she snapped her fingers, and he fell on his hands and knees coughing blood That spell only pauses the inevitable. It gushed out his wound it was so fast nothing would stop that.He couldn't out regenerate the blow, smelling of Contradiction. 
Another beam struck the ground, but it's light was mat black It held no shine, as if it was swallowed up..
Uriel looked up.
"Son of Night, my master holds pity for you It seems he sends his Herold to speak his words" He kneeled low, and the angels landed. They also kneeled on a single bent knee, putting their blades in the dirt, while Uriel released his crystal-clear horn.
"Halt." A bubble appeared around him, so he could say his name. "I am Zumitas, the Endless Mountain, the Highest Hight, Herold of the Sun." Said a curly black haired man in black robes. 
He held a beard that was to his lower chest, and his hair was twice as long. He held pale, almost vampiric skin and dark gray eyes that reminded me of stone. He held black angel's wings, being a harbinger of death, undefeatable in combat. Instead of elk horns like the Pit, his black halo held spikes. It took the light around it, giving him in general an unearthly black aura. He looked like he should belong in hell
As the Pit is given form, and made to look as a beautiful, trustworthy sight, the gruff scarred male is the Highest Height He was the embodiment of Mount Olympis.. 
"I cannot accept." Tyson said bleeding out, but unable to die because of the Herald's presence. 
"It is appreciated, but we are the direct bloodline of the Void King it would be unwise to rouse his anger." I said standing tall I would not kneel to him; he was not of my master. Instincts to run or attack were suppressed.  
He looked up, and when he looked back at us, his gray eyes were stern. "My master does not accept this; he feels it is not right a Son of the Horned One dies because of his Son."
He had a point Tyson dying here could still make trouble. He was cursed and killed by a Son of the Sun The King of the Void would be displeased by this as well.
 but I wouldn't be able to stop them should Zumitas steal him
The ground rumbled, sprouting probably the most aggressive kind of demon grandfather made.
Even with the demons crawling out the ground, being burned slightly by the light of the sun, did not make a single one flinch Grandfather sent as many demons as there were angels and Rah'esh'Kraa'Hraa-Zaimaan, the Lord of Aggression in his human form. The Badger Demon ruled the Layer of Aggression those who were abusive or violent went to his Layer.
His appearance looked of African descent, with his black hair with 2 white streaks cut short. He could turn into literally A Giant Fucking Honey Badger, probably The most aggressive animal that comes to mind. He did not know defeat. He would fight until he was killed. Even now, he was covered in small fresh scars and bare chested. He had raised tattoos as well, one for every angel general he'd ever killed.
He was a mighty soldier, likely sent to deal with Uriel.
"The Master Does Not Want Your Filthy Mits on His Children." He said snorting steam. "Lia lives, now fuck off."
"Such Vulgar words from such a Vulgar Creature." Said Uriel, putting his hand on his sword, but not drawing it.
"Shut up before you give me Diabetes, Unicorn." He spat, and his fellow badgers chuckled.
Tensions were already High from just the Suggestion of a blessing.
"Your words mean nothing, Layer Lord." Said Zumitas. "I shall take the boy."
"You will take Nothing, and like it." Hissed Rah'esh'Kraa'Hraa-Zaimaan.
A pink beam shook the earth, now all the demons kneeled, putting their swords in the ground
"My master will heal his Own son." Said Apythmenos, the Herald of Zuviel the world around them felt like Contradiction.. 
The Endless Mountain glared at the Bottomless Pit.
When they both flapped their wings to hover above the world, that feeling was gone They cannot be at the same time and place. They cannot stand on the same ground, or even breathe the same air it seems. They cast magic barriers around themselves as they shared some unknown, undecipherable conversation.
They say there's always a bigger fish, well they were more of a great white in a pond. Heralds not only cannot die at All, but they are also meant to stay out of the affairs of any world. They serve their master, being the only entity who could give an unfavorable opinion to their face unfiltered. They hold a closer relationship than even a child or wife with their creator. Seeing a Herald was to hear the words of the pantheon. 
Tyson gained Favor with Arviel most likely since Lia was saved. It wouldn't be a bad thing if not for us being Generals of Hell. Any boons or blessings from an opposing faction CANNOT be accepted. Should he not just die, grandfather himself would likely get involved.
Even now, because of the dispute, Tyson suffered there lingering in that body It made me angered, but I can't blame Uriel or the Angels for This.
And I Know grandfather. He wouldn't give us away He wouldn't let us be blessed by the Lord of Light, since they only truce for peace's sake at any moment one of them could ruin it since they hate each other, and I would have to draw my bow at Herculian, Uriel, or even my Uncle Jerald.
They argued in a language I did not comprehend, spitting the words of their masters.. 
"My master bids you his favor, in light of the interference of the Horned One. I bid this world goodbye. I no longer have need to be here." Said Zumitas.
He was going to take my brother with Arviel. But thankfully, the resolution was for the Light and Night's soldiers to leave.
".. And *he* belongs to the Lord of Light?" Asked Aureus, referring to the Herald who left.
"And I the Void's Herald." Said Apythmenos. "We were made before the war, and we both are not to interfere." He said the last part as if he left out some detail
I knew the part about them not being able to be near each other That they were opposites through and through. But I guess if the Endless Mountain and the Bottomless Pit tried to fight, it would probably ruin the very peace everyone wanted plus 
The Sun means well, but the Void already marked us It's on our belly buttons from the day we were born, that my grandfather gave us his protection. A blessing by the Light would do a General of Hell no good well intentioned or not.
"I suppose I should leave as well." Said Apythmenos. "I'm taking Tyson with me though for good measure." He said snapping his fingers, and they were gone in a puff of pink light.
"They leave but I stay." Said Uriel. "This world I've been here in spirit a few times, but it's Changed."
"You can ride with us. It's the least I can do for you healing my big baby." Diana smiled.
"Yeah, I feel right as rain." Said Herculian. "Shame I couldn't pet you though *friend* ." he grinned.
"You let him pet you?!" asked Grace in shock.
"Oh, you Both can fuck Right off!" I yelled. "Nobody's petting- Unhand my Hair!" I snarled.
"Fluff." Said Herculian.
"Go buy a cat or something!" I slapped his hand away.
"No he seems more like a wolf person." Grinned Aureus.
I stared at him with pursed lips. "You can fuck off too."
"I'll take Tyson's rental car back to Wix." Grinned Rodrick. "Won't he be upset that none of them were- NO! My Autographed Sun Text Is Wet! OH MY GOD IT'S RUINED!!" 
My clothes ruined his book I panicked.
"I can fi-" Uriel was cut off by both of us freaking out.
"Those Pants were DRY!!!! THEY WERE DRY!" I frantically ran to help, but the second It Touched My Skin It Burned. "AH! Why did I do that?!" 
I got laughed at. Nobody healed me, at least not immediately.
###chapter 66
Kaizen
I sat next to Uriel while Diana drove, holding Herculian's hand. The Unicorn's tears fixed Rodrick's book, but the human nearly took my actions personally. The unicorn while powered down was still slightly shiny, glittery even like his title. He smelled like sugar, and I had to roll down the window because it was a little much.
"I can't help it." He complained.
"I'm not mad about it. I know I smell like Hell to you, pun intended." I said with a small smile.
"Stop being bad back there or you won't get any more Whippers." Threatened Herculian, turning around slightly.
"You Wouldn't." I hissed.
"Oh I would." He said like a dad about to 'turn the car around'.
"Anyway, what's Haven Like?" I asked.
"What's hell like?" Asked Uriel. He looked genuinely curious.
"I think before I was born, it was just one endless plain of suffering for all, but now it has Layers. The truly evil still go into the Pit, but those who can be rehabilitated are tormented, forced to live their sin through penance and punishment I got a chance to experience it myself" I cringed. "In the end it was worth it but for most it can last so long, some go mad They are thrown in the Pit as a mercy, since their souls lose their ability to be rehabilitated."
"I'm sure there's a punishment for those who go too far, like with The Great Wild." Said Diana. "Lia is. A little sadistic. Those who displease her may suffer for eternity before Death porters them to the Pit Those who please her wind up the Lia's afterlife. You may hunt and roam free There are no official structures there, but you are allowed to build something yourself, or live in the makeshift villages. There is no technology, except stone or obsidian hand tools. There are no grains there, but nearly everything is edible even the wood if you boil it If you wish to be like a shifter, you may ask it, but you may only pick One animal." She smiled. "Foxes are the most coveted, since they over time gain magical abilities." 
"That sounds neat." I mumbled. "And they are. Demons can be stripped of their power, or moved to a more suitable layer, like the Pit Layer. Those souls are all mostly lost causes, being pretty much punished for their crimes before their ultimate end." 
I left out major details. I knew to topography of every layer; I knew the generals especially the Layer of Murder and Lord Slah-hesh'Rrah's fighting style. I'm sure they knew the major lords, and fought with him.
He felt stronger than them. He was the Light's trump card, probably meant to stay dead until he was needed, thus the 'Lesser" Champion title. His resurrection after death seemed to only be 'as needed'.
"I hope I'm not being too nosy. I'm also sure my master already knows everything you're saying, so don't worry about betraying your grandfather." He said with a soft smile. I did have a pretty serious look on my face, it wasn't that he could hear me thankfully He looked like one of the angels as he said that strangely enough 
"What's the City of Repentance like?" Herculian asked. I didn't say or think anything about the great city, so they did know some things already. It has other names, but I just stuck with the one they knew.
"Well it's a big Roman city with electricity. Grandfather tried to make it as much like mortal life as possible. They get jobs and everything, since that Layer was made for the innocent who were killed by us, or the truly repentant. If they want a second chance, at every convenience store is a lottery ticket. There's daily draws, and the winners get a random incarnation. But no soul goes to Repentance twice Should they return a sinner with an X on their soul, it will automatically be black. They are thrown into the pit the same day."
"The City of Radiance is light and pure even souls without wings may float through the air and live carefree. The ground is soft clouds, and there is no need for food, since no one gets hungry. The city is vast, and modern. Every convenience including food replicates are at a beckon call if you're feeling nostalgic, and incarnation is pretty much on request There are no lines or waits There is no money or worry. The mortal souls there have complete, blissful peace. There Are different levels, though, even the lowest one designed for those who Just Barely made the cut live this way. Then there's the master's brother and His realm." Uriel grumbled.
"I heard about the nickname: Upper Hell." I chuckled. "I heard the God of Mercy likes pulling off fingers and hands of those who fail his impossible tests. That those souls' journeys is like the Layers, only with less intensity." 
"How is that funny?" He asked with concern.
"Because it just is. I said honestly. "Haven sounds boring." 
"It isn't! I got to train every day without needing sleep, feeling tired nor rest. Time moves differently too, so I was there ten times Urth time Look at what just a few thousand years did." He was referring to his powers 
"I can't lie, I saw your muscles through your fur." I said with a nod.
"And I you. You're just young. You scent about a century. I've had many of your lifetimes to hone my skills. Be patient." Said Uriel. "When you get to my level, I'll teach you swordplay if the master permits it.
"Do you guys want to stop to sleep?" Asked Diana. She yawned while driving. We'd only gone about 4 hours on the road, but honestly there was no way we could do a 20 hour drive after that battle.
"Yes!" We all said at the same time.
----Willow-----
Ellio glared at the toaster as if it were a foe to vanquish, and I silently hoped when it popped, he wouldn't 'kill' it like he did the microwave. And the fridge..and the remote
And the TV.
The toaster popped.
"Get away from my mother!" Shouted Ellio, blasting the toaster with a fireball As the grandson of Eternya, he may not have had wings, but he carried the same flames. It burned through the fire blanket Flora had in advance.
The kitchen was now ablaze.
"NO! It's not alive!" Yelled Flora, getting no help from Eternya. I could hear him laughing on the roof.
"It Moved!" He yelled grabbing her and taking her out the house while Chelsea already had the fire extinguisher. He shifted, ripping up his clothes, carrying her away while the rest, except Alavastros ran in a herd with him.
"I'll . I'll go get them." He said sheepishly, shifting and running away too.
"Oh my god" I facepalmed.
This was my fault.
This was also the second time the kitchen caught fire, but it was also the last time.
The kitchen burned too hot for the extinguisher to do anything, and Chealsea wound up having to use magic with two other witches, but the damage was done..
There was a whole in the house about 7 feet in diameter. And you could see outside.
".Sorry" Ellio said sheepishly Naked and shifted . He ruined the last pair of Kaizen's jeans, so I linked Rick while he was still out to go get some and a new toasterBut where would we even plug it in now?
The smoke and stench of plastic rose high above the house, and nosy neighbors were actually helpful, aiding me in evacuation and offering me condolences
"It's alright. Jack can you go get the construction crew back and someone who knows if the house is still safe." I mumbled.
"Yes my lady." He said materializing and vanishing behind me.
I played off how startling that was He needs a bell!
He still felt really guilty that he couldn't take Eternya but as a General of the Realm King I doubt anyone really could. Not alone.
"Holy Shit Woo!" Yelled Eternya on the roof. He had chips, beers, salsa.. and a witch up there with him. She sat in his lap with a crystal ball
"Stop having a good time and come help!"  I yelled.
"Fine!" He complained. He gave the witch two feathers. "Is that fair compensation fire mage?" I asked.
"Aye sir." She said blushing. I face palmed.
I could bet money she wanted to ride him.
"I heard that." He grinned. "I will have you know I don't have parties anymore."
"Yeah more like *can't*. I bet Xaxas made you cut it out."
"I did." He said behind me, and I screamed.
"Bells! Everyone needs bells!" I shouted. "Hi Harmony."
"How's Samira?" She asked.
"I don't know." I said sheepishly. "The house caught fire so"
"What?!" Harmony yelled. "How did I not notice?!"
"Nobody got hurt It's kind of my fault, but Samira is now my priority." I said with her nodding in agreement.
The fire department was arriving as I spoke. The house was already evacuated, but what surprised me were her wet tears. She was with Noah, but he looked alright.
"What happened?!" I asked with concern as me and Harmony ran for her support, but she was not consolable.
"You didn't see? Oh right" Said Xaxas. "Tyson will be resurrected by midnight, but they won the battle with Contradiction. He's been thrown in the pit, and everyone else was healed by Uriel. But honestly, they're so tired they stopped to rest a bit. I vowed my hands off, so I cannot teleport them until their journey is over. The signal of that would be either a party, or they step foot in their place of residence."
"It's only 'til midnight. Right now, it's 4:42" I said as encouragement. 
The crash in the kitchen wasn't exactly a good thing, but I'm sure we could figure it out.
"I'll fix your house, You deal with. All that." He said referring to how hurt Samira was. He didn't mean it in a rude way, but I doubt someone like him knew what to do with consoling someone.
With a snap, the house was fixed.and he added another floor. I couldn't focus on what he decided to do though, because Samira was really sweet. And seeing her sad made me feel for her.
But thankfully this was only temporary Midnight would come soon...
###chapter 67
A/N:  Hi! I have a happy surprise! The Yellow Diamond is OUT, and attached to The Wolf Prince: His Terrified Mate (Kaiden's Book) Heidie's daughter gets to put her feet in the water, and make her own coven. It won't be easy, even with all the knowledge she already holds.
Xaxas
I left the girls to be babysat with my magic while I chastised Eternya one last time. To be fair, even my little brothers and their mates were entertained. Why not? The girls would never see battle as far as any of us were concerned, nor could they ever really be of real use being so green. Uriel made them silent. 
That was nothing. He could go toe to toe with my Third, Kusare, The Rotted One, even though he had 8 arms, being a centipede-wasp-spider creation of mine.
The Bird King kneeled at my feet in Kaizen's office.
"I don't sense anymore of your bloodline To be honest I didn't check last time because it never occurred to me how horny you were." I said glaring at him and the bull Ellio. Gods he was about as innocent as a child, being mindless until a few days ago by my general's report.
It made me wonder were there any more children.  I closed my eyes and checked this living world. 458 of Arviel's sons still lived, and 1 undocumented, unaccounted for
One downstairs. A new soul.
I checked again.
Souls? They were too fresh, not even the flesh was made yet. This was done Today
Zytherian was my Herald. I cannot deploy him for Kaizen's protection nor war  They are meant to observe and send messages.
Eskaal is my second, though I use him for his mind; his strength as an elf is lacking
Kusare the Rotted One, my favorite Abomination, would kill this entire state by accident as my third in command. 
But Kenriel, the Sainted, my Fifth General would be a better long term match for Tyson, since he is my only yellow souled, high ranked servant
I wanted Eternya, my Seventh to stay with Tyson but I would keep him here
How many were pregnant? I checked this world again. I cannot be mistaken I Must be sure
.Diana. Grace? Those two were a surprise indeed. Samira.. Willow. Those two were not. They were mated to the main attention holdersbut they were both so young, not even a thousand.
I did something I should not have done, but I would tell them about it I sighed. Arviel wanted Tyson so bad, that he'd probably curse him if not for the war it would bring He is blessed his father is my father's son anyone lower would be some writhing lump of contradicting flesh, begging to be dead.
I am the Judge. I deemed mercy on this world. Maybe I shouldn't have?
I had no problem with the births that may happen I just didn't want anymore bastards like Confusion or whatever his name was running around messing with the order I maintained.
That little shit.
"Master, I ask for mercy." Eternya bowed. My stern face seemed to bring fear to his heart. 
"Why? The boy is a fearful mess," I motioned him. He had a turkey sandwich for the first time, and his clueless look made me want to crack a grin. I wouldn't though it would ruin my monologue. "And the woman is useless so attached to her charges." I said sternly, motioning her.
"Master for my sons, I would do anything." She shook for Ellio. She kneeled for his sake, and for the mark on her back shoulder. I would let them breathe, but I wouldn't give Eternya an easy time with this.
His last child nearly brought war to the pantheon. But this one's loyalty was to whoever it needed to be so her son could live. I could work with that 
"They hold a master's mark come war-" I cut him off.
"Do you think someone would Fucking Try Me?" I snarled. "There Will Be No More War."
He kneeled lower. His daughter too She took after him so much.
"Master I-" I cut him off again.
"Be Silent. I will consider them gifts for my nephew." I left out the harsh words, that as a gift, she'd likely have been a concubine in the old times. His grandson would be a slave at best, at worst maybe a gladiator meant to die while he watched.
Eternya was not an idiot. It's why he remained silent.
My nephew keeps turning more powerful, hidden beings
He attracts the attention of those above him. 
Then there's Tyson a Child of Hell So Pure he did not turn a unicorn into a bicorn with his mark. His own powers burn him His own blood demands he be the General of Hell he needs to be Yet he cannot pull himself out of his personality. That is just who he IS. A good pure being
Arviel's eyes are on these little ones now, but I would be a good uncle. I may not share Number One with him and father, but as Three, that had to count for something. All those of divine blood are protected by my law.
If he wishes to steal Tyson and kill Kaizen, he must first go through Me.
----Willow-----
I looked at the Realm King's portal magic that showed the fight Kaizen was amazing The Unicorn King made us silent.
And then Kaizen's arrow blacked out the sky. I actually saw that from here We thought it was a solar eclipse or something well I did I'm sure Harmony, Isabelle, and Nxxia knew
Apparently, Uriel summoned that sword from the Royal Wolf Palace. The original Wolf King took possession of it after Uriel died but now someone like that was on their way here.
It made me worry for Kaizen. And his siblings And War.
That was all the older supernatural creatures talked about. The ones who lived either during or directly after that time. They spoke of how Xaxas destroyed continents. That national parks we know and love today were not carved by geology in some cases. In some here they were made by battles that killed millions.
"I would like to speak with you." Said the Realm King at the top of the stairs 
There was an extra floor and 7 rooms added for the Officers of the pack, yet, him looking down at me the way he did, I couldn't read his emotions. His face was stern, yet neutral. I still don't know how I felt about Kaizen's uncles. His dad was pretty neutral, but those two seemed to be itching for carnage.
"Alright your highness" I said going up, and Isabelle was right behind me. Harmony and Nixxia too. I believe those three were coming to support me, and I honestly appreciated it.
He sat in the guest chair, and oddly enough I sat in the Luna's spot. Kaizen's lingering scent made me feel a little comforted. The office was no longer a make shift one, looking proper, while all the extra stuff was moved out the way and put in another new room he made appear from nowhere 
Xaxas said making a proper packhouse was his gift for a job well done, along with the seeds of black lavender, the similar to yellow lavender, in our yard. He couldn't bless the garden with holy magic, but he said that Flora could use double the amount of them to replace the yellow in recipes.
"Asanguis, fetch me the little unicorn too." He said leaning back. 
"Alright brother." He said doing as he was told.
"And Bryson!" Xaxas shouted.
"Fine!" Asanguis yelled a little annoyed.
I didn't have any siblings, but King Xaxas held the air of someone born a king To be fair with his size and presence, I should be in my own guest chair I was told he was playful and silly even by Harmony, but I had as of yet to see it.
Desk chairs were gathered, and we all were silent until everyone was seated.
"There." Said Xaxas. "Did you all see the spit-spat about Tyson?" 
We all did, so most of us nodded or mumbled a 'yeah'. Lord Bryson and Asanguis sat here next to him but as the oldest, he continued. 
"In father's stead, I am the patriarch of his house, and as the eldest son, it is also my job to make sure all of you are unbothered by Arviel. He is above even me, thus, he should not have major involvement yet he did today. He means to claim Tyson."
"I still don't get it." Said Bryson. "Why is he obsessed with My son?" He growled. "He has at least 700 in Wonkipedia's mythology section."
"Because King of the Forest, that son's soul is not Red or Black like ours, it is Gold." He said interlacing his fingers. The chair turned into a comfy recliner. "You forget mother was made From Arviel She is the moon. After all, her job is merely to reflect his power on the world below." He growled.
It echoed in the room.
"But that means nothing." Said Bryson. "He renounced her as his child."
"But that does not change her bloodline." Xaxas said impatiently. "Tyson is a Pure souled general  Technically, he does not belong with us Had Arviel been a better man, no one would have issue with this. I'd have removed father's claim on him myself and let him go."
I still didn't get why he asked me to come up here.
"I asked you, because they play games." Said Xaxas, leaning forward. "And now, You and Samira are with child, and I am the one to give them titles, seeing as how I hold so many... Having killed so many. Diana and Grace too." 
"What?" I asked. Samira looked dumbfounded.
"Yeah." Xaxas said a little pissed off. "You sound like you're not ready, but they're up there fucking with nature." he said cryptically.  
###chapter 68
Willow
I Excused myself and ran to the bathroom.
I was given a pregnancy test by Isabelle, the only one who followed me.
I cried in there, but she didn't come in. She sat in my room on the bed, but another was slid under the door
My phone rang, but I ignored it. 
Kaizen could block his emotions and pain but I couldn't... He knew something was wrong. It wasn't a bad thing, but I wasn't ready for all this.
They way they spoke sounded like he was talking about using my child for War before they were even born.
I didn't want my child to have to fight like that 
All I did, even knowing that my mate was fine, was hold to the edge of my seat like it was going to run away.
Fuck.
Fuck.
The phone seemed to answer itself Interference from one of his family, likely Xaxas.
"Are you alright?" Asked Kaizen with concern.
"I am just a little scared and worried." I mumbled.
"Awe everything's alright baby, and if it's not, I'll make it so." He said firmly. "We're only an hour or two away. We'd already be there, but Herculian wanted to go to his brother's graves this morning. He's done though." 
"Kaizen I'm pregnant." I said silently. He said nothing on the other side. "Kaizen?"
"I'll be there in 30." He said hanging up.
I don't think he wanted that kind of responsibility yet He didn't sound exactly happy about this.
"Willow, do I need to come in there?" Asked Isabelle like a mom.
"No." I said being a baby about it. Samira could be heard having a fit herselfThough Tyson was still dead It was 8pm now she still had a few hours to go before he found out.
She came in anyway and she made me sit down. My head was put in her lap and she pet my hair. "I bet you're thinking 'he's mad at me' or something. I know my son. He'd never be upset that his mate was with pup. He might be worried though, since I went through quite a bit but you won't." 
". I never heard about any of that. He doesn't talk about his childhood much" 
"He was born a pup you know that part. They were kids in a wolf's body They got into trouble, as all children do, but not too much." She smiled. "The only issue was the High Council, and their constant attempt to deem them a danger to kill them because they feared my mate would rise up, and be like his brothers. Bryson isn't even 500 He never participated in the war. Some of them are so old, that their ages are estimatesyet they feared a man they called 'pup'. 'boy'. Now he has demigod children, and our children will make lesser demigods." She mumbled.
"How does that work." I sat up, wiping my eyes, ashamed of the tantrum everyone heard.
"Well Bryson is a full god Kaizen is half. The issue is that the Horned One made them more or less like minor gods. He doesn't like making hybrids He isn't into the business of it, but the trade off is that your child might be like his father, but with one major weakness" She said thinking out loud.
"Like Akhilleas.Didn't he die because of his foot or something?" I always wondered that, but I still cried I didn't want them to be defeated because someone stubbed their toe.
"Yes but I doubt Zuviel would even do that I've spoken with the Horned One a few times But I do know one thing: With Diana pregnant by his son, Arviel is going to cheat the rules as much as he can, and so will the Horned One in retaliation" She said looking like she didn't want to share something.
"I don't want that for my child." I said a little angrily. I cried like a baby I hated that I wasn't handling this like a strong, confident bad ass who-
She pet me between the horns.
Holy Shit.
I was done.
I don't know what she did, but it was like the stress part of my brain turned off
"I don't want that for my grandchildren either But it will be alright. Xaxas already said there would be no more war I'm sure he intends to make good on that." She said soothingly.
"What what is this?" I asked.
If I heard about it, I forgot It felt too nice to even carry a conversation. 
"A secret." She grinned.
There was a crackle and explosion outside, then stomping up the stairs. People screamed, cheered, and clapped, but  my mate was too determined to stop.
"I'm here." Said Kaizen out of breath, knocking the bedroom door off its hinges. He ignored it, and rand to me. He held the sides of my face with clawed hands, and kissed me on the lips. "Are you alright?"
He pressed his horns to my forehead, and took me from his mother. I was limp I had no bones. I was mush.
"I see you got this." She said shaking her head. She left us to be alone, likely to help with Samira
"Everyone keeps talking about war. I just want to be left alone." I hugged his neck. When she stopped, I felt myself come back online like that was a spell. I HAD to try that with Kaizen but not right now.
"I only left because that bastard hurt you I'm not a king, Willow We don't have to go anywhere or do anything. Even if our child is an Omega, it would not matter."
"Alright." I said letting him hold me He kissed me on the top of my head, and my horns disappeared on their own His touch on them felt nice
His mom didn't make it worse but she didn't make it better like he did either. 
But what the Hell was that 'secret'?!
"It'll be ok Willow." He said interrupting me.
I really. Really didn't want our children to go out there and die for someone else's squabble...  Even if the Horned One and Lord of Light were just regular kings we'd still be servants in a kingdom, as my mate would be a knight.
"This Counts! Fuck it." Yelled Xaxas.
"What?" Yelled Kaizen.
I was confused too until there was another boom, but this time I think he summoned the other Kings
"AH!" Screamed Jerold downstairs. "I WAS DRIVING!"
"Your SHIT Toyota is fine!" Yelled Xaxas. "You're *Welcome*."
"JER-BEAR!" Yelled Noah there were awes until I could also hear shuffling.
"You didn't get into any more trouble, did you?" He chuckled. 
"Unhand me." Hissed Noah playfully.
"I missed you too." He gruffly admitted. 
"Wow" Said the voice of the Unicorn King. In person it sounded literally angelic. "I scent one of my bloodline here."
"Samira's upstairs." Said Diana "I sense her and Willow are also with child."
".  Also?" parroted Herculian.
"Also." Said Diana.
The living room was silent. The joyous ruckus was now turned to one of curiosity.
"Let's go." Said Kaizen carrying me.
"Alright. I held onto him, and he made his way down the stairs.
"When did you find out?" Said Herculian 
"This moment." Said Diana "My mistress's powers are renewed and so are mine. I bet you didn't realize I was weakened."
"I didn't If I did, I wouldn't have let you come." He said stiffly. Herculian shook wrists with Kaizen. "Maybe this will kick the pantheon in the ass to do better?"
"I hope it does meathead." Kaizen grinned.  "Want to address the pack? I mean we have a proper packhouse now Thanks Uncle Xaxas!" He shouted.
"At least someone appreciates me." His uncle said this as if he were hurt, showing that silly side I heard so much about.
He took my hand and kissed me one more time He was . Really stinky for a moment. But it couldn't be helped. I heard it was supposed to be like a demon's musk or something. That all three smelled like that in battle
Everyone made way for us, while his family decided to let him be. This was Misfit. He was Alpha I don't think I'd ever seen a dad so proud, yet silent of their child. Mr. Bryson stood with his brothers, and Kaizen looked around.
It was a rare moment I felt him... nervous. I didn't feel him at all during that fight. Yet addressing his people made him shy.
"I must say, I did not ever expect to say this so soon, but as you all heard, I'm going to be a dad."
There were cheers, but they let him do his speech. They quieted with the raise of his hand
"My status and title were from my bloodline, but my merit is my own. I, along with the Kings, have slain a foe. There is Peace and for it to remain so, I will keep watch." He said firmly. "However, I say this now: I won't involve myself unless I HAVE To. Misfit is no kingdom, but it is a place for all unwanted, the mindless, and the vagabond. By my power, I will pardon, and by my authority, you will be safe." He smiled.
"Alpha what about those who fail you?" Asked Jack.
Kaizen looked at him firmly, likely reading his mind. "You tried fighting Eternya? You dumb ass." He facepalmed.
"He was a threat!" Jack complained.
"He's marked by my uncle, you little liar." Kaizen said rolling his eyes.
"I'm here to stay too." Said Eternya with a huff. "I'm crashing at my kid's place." 
"No you're not, you bum!" She yelled flustered.
Eternya looked a little deflated, but I wouldn't mind him staying at the end of the new Alpha floor I wouldn't mind the extra protection, or help should my mate need it.
###chapter 69
Kaizen
I lied about being fine, gods I felt weak from shooting across the sky like that but it wasn't hard to play off. 
"I wish to speak to you in private." Said grandfather, posed as a doctor 
The tacky getup fooled all but it seemed me Even father, nor my uncles seemed to notice. They were outside, sharing beers, making the demonic circle to summon Tyson, and weaving it in a way that it didn't make a permanent portal.
"Wow it's Dr. Sampson!" Said a random wolf. Many thought he was here because of the news I got a few hours ago I knew better.
It was 11:59. He probably was here to see Tyson's arrival to the land of the living himself.
"Willow, would you mind being outside a bit?" I asked. We were still in the living room. Everyone wanted to talk with me, or see that everything was fine. Mortals didn't need to know that peace was about as thin as a silk thread right now.
I walked with him to my office, and he sat in the guest chair. He even crossed his leg high, as important men do, and leaned back in the recliner Uncle Xaxas left.
In private before I sat in my chair, I kneeled to the King, and he patted my head between the horns.
"Rise, 1st General Kaizen." Said grandfather sternly He held no passive smile today Yet, His 'mortal' avatar sat there, still covered in dust He didn't use it often, preferring to come here himself. It was a puppet he controlled from his realm, looking exactly like him.
I rose.
"What orders do you have for me?" I asked In all my life I'd never been called my title by him But why was I not 2nd?
"Thankfully none, merely preparation., and ceremony." He stood. And when I blinked, I was in hell 
I wasn't in his throne room I was on a grand stone platform that held 4 grand thrones, and 4 small ones next to his, though his was the biggest, and in the middle. He was his true height I went to his ankles.
The black stone platform made him look even bigger. The thrones of everyone accommodated people no taller than 12 feet yet his matched his size. In front, down at least a thousand stairs as an endless army of dragons and demons Great bat vampyr flew in the sky Grandfather was the King of all things darkEvery world, every single one held souls that belonged to him, over the course of Everything, since the beginning 
I could only assume the same was for those of Haven
"That your mortal mind thinks you have seen my trueness is amusing." He rumbled He did not sound the same And he had armor That was new  It was black iron. The individual scales were carved by him... There was so much detail..
I didn't notice Tyson until now. He looked firm, yet still himself He glowed a light, pale yellow, unlike me who held a black aura.
The endless sea of demons were below the platform, kneeled with their swords in the black dirt. Tyson. Looked melancholy and I was allowed to kneel with him. And Grace. What the literal fuck was happening
"Blood of my Blood, little souls of my son. It was I who made you, and I who molded you. Horned Wolves of Hell, receive your titles, Kaizen, the Swift One, Grace, the Powerful One, Tyson, The Holy One I make you 1,2, and 3, your children will be 4, 5, and 6. With this distinction, you may now teleport here at will With ranks so high, I can pass your undying nature to your sons.. No more dream traveling, no more petty, small trinkets and bobbles." He snarled. "Arviel has his tricks' I have mine too."
"Your highness. I am not the first born I do not wish to cheat my brother." I said silently I knew my brother Tyson wouldn't care, but I still didn't think it right not to at least mention it. 
"He is First on Urth. First born, Now a King, and so on. Grace is a Queen of my son's peopleThey hold mighty titles and blessingsyet you are Just Kaizen. Only An Alpha That is not fair." He said summoning a massive trident.. It shook the ground, and I can't lie being the height of an armored ankle made me think twice about saying anything else. "You are Just as Capable, yet, I will not let you all share Number One. Why should you be without?" He asked. "Why should I not bless you too? They have glory and fame, yet most of your journey has been second fiddle, vagabond, and fugitive."
"Of course." I said silently.
He chuckled. 
"I know your hearts too. Tyson You were meant to be a holy beast. I knew that the day I pulled you out your mother's belly. I changed your fur color, but not your soul. You belong up high, yet must serve below." He said shaking his head.
"As I said grandfather I willingly do so. I don't want to work with a man who only wanted me because I was deemed useful." Said Tyson. "It is why I kneel. I know where I belong. I don't care about being some grand holy white wolf with feathers and such. I care that my son and nephews would have to fight me. I care that I would be surrounded by beings who only want me for my unholy blade, praising me in public and hate me in secret. You have never wronged me All you've ever done is love us, even though we are only mortals."
He wasn't wrong No matter what he did for us or to us We were not even ants to one so high And being so young, we would have to grow into these titles. I could not stand against Uriel right now; he had many years on me, not that I wanted to.
"I do not wish to lead either." Said Grace. "I know I could, but all my life, I have had to deal with proving myself finding myself I don't wish to spend eternity continuing that I don't want to have a position so high that my son and nephews are led by a leader who doesn't want to do it I Know you can." 
"You rallied us, even though we were injured. Plus, I'm pretty sure this is done for Willow, Aureus, and Samira to be safe." Said Tyson.
"Then I take position as 1st general." I said proudly They did not want it, nor I, but they were right
"Then Rise, First High Commander of Armageddon. Rise my Second High Commander of Calamity. and my Third: Extinction. Do you see now why You are Third Tyson?" He asked, finally letting the smallest smile creep across his face
"Yes I will have the compassion to end life painlessly If I am to do what needs to be Done come the end should it ever happen I know I will not let them die in pain and fear."  He stood proudly, as we were allowed to rise.
I could feel like my real purpose was revealed I knew now that my powers were not able to be tapped into, but should war be declared The arrows I shoot now would probably destroy countries 
"Yes." He said looking up. "Your grandmother is so upset she will not even look at me, that our grandchildren are titled so soon But without them Arviel would still try to steal one, and kill the others.. You two are of no use to him. Yet he wishes to claim Tyson as blood Now. Bastard." 
Thunder rumbled with his sour mood I knew grandmother wasn't on her throne because she cried for us. She was a Lesser Goddess. Whatever grandfather rules, it is so, and ultimately, no one has any say.
"Xaxashevaal works hard with his threat to obliterate the solar system should we fight . So long as he lives on Urth, I will NOT deploy you three What a mess. All this for a soul, one that was paid for with just compensation.."
---Willow----
The laugh of Xaxas outside was almost infectious, but he'd kidnapped me to hang out with him.
"What are you going to name your son?" Asked Xaxas.
"Megatram." I said just to see what he'd do, and he laughed, while Bryson and Asanguis facepalmed.
"Don't encourage him." Said Bryson shaking his head.
"I always liked the name Bart." Said Asanguis.
"You're not making your kid before I do." Complained Xaxas.
"Who said I would? Father said he'd make mine too." Asanguis said with a smug smile.
"Not fair." Xaxas complained. "I want to be lazy."
"Unlike You, I don't have any experience making souls brother." Said Asanguis. "And I Really don't want my first to be my own kid.Or anyone else's."
Their mates were with Samira it was 11:58. Kaizen was talking to a doctor about my pregnancy already but he looked so uncanny. Almost like the Princes of Hell
"Really?" Said Xaxas, looking at me curiously. "I didn't think he'd unlock them so soon."
"Why didn't he tell us?" Said Bryson.
"Because he knew we'd talk him out of it." Said Xaxas. "I don't sense Hurculian, nor 5 other of his bastards either. I can bet money Arviel is shitting bricks that father stole one of his titles for Tyson's sake.  This shit is giving me a headache."
"What's happening?" I asked.
"Preparation." Said Xaxas I ruined the mood it seemed. "I said if they fight, I'm destroying this solar system. That includes Lia, his full god sons, and his halves Like there's a million bastards floating around from him, but there's only one wife, and one bloodline from said wife. Same with mother" He said the last part quietly. "Father holds no bastards but I don't imagine us living too long after I do something like that."
"You Wouldn't." Said Asanguis.
"I am the Judge There's a Reason why my god's symbol is scales, and they weigh the Light And Night."
"But All we worked for all the death we dealt" Asanguis paused. "Brother what of our mates. They will not live if those who share One mournRetaliation would come for the Three of Us on Both ends." Asanguis said this sadly 
That meant me too. There's no way as the Horned One's grandson that Kaizen, nor me would live. Or anyone.
Xaxas's eyes weren't black at the moment... I could tell his irises were actually a very dark red.
"If there is no Urth, there is no Moon. If there is no planet and moon, then there are no Lia, nor LullibaNor a Gate to Keep Hell Below. Just. I need some air." He said disappearing.
###chapter 70
Willow
Two days passed, but something was off with Kaizen... I couldn't put my finger on it, but as I slept in bed, I couldn't shake wanting to know. But to be fair, whatever terrible thing that happened probably shouldn't be prodded. If he wouldn't talk about it, it had to be awful.
The smell of cake wafted upstairs and woke me up fully. The alarm clock by the bed said 4am. But I mean, what was wrong with an early morning snack? I slowly creeped out of bed Kaizen was snoring, but it stopped abruptly.
"Go back to bed." Said Kaizen sleepily reaching for me. 
We'd been up here since about 12:30. The trio returned at the same time, but they came back different Friday Kaizen didn't quite feel like the man I knew. He came back looking as if he'd seen the horrors of the end or something. Maybe he did.?
I don't know how I dodged his slightly clawed reach to get me to sleep, but I needed some air. I'd tried since we went upstairs to lay in this bed, and settle down, but my mind ran in circles.
"I'm getting some of whoever's cooking downstairs..." I said seeing him relax.
"Don't leave the pack." He said going back to sleep Why would I do that?
"I wouldn't." I said shaking my head, and he sighed happily.
"Alright." He mumbled.
I left him to rest, and went downstairs. The Realm King spoke with someone who Had to be another general. He was shirtless, with a pair of eagle wings tattooed on his back, as well as the Scales of the Judge on his top left shoulder. 
"They said they accept the negotiation." Said the man. He bowed until Xaxas told him to rise.
"Good. Kenriel, I want you to accompany Tyson, with Samira as the priority. Should they be killed before giving birth, obviously the child won't be revived with them."  He said firmly. "If you fail in your task, I will punish you until there is nothing left, soul and all."
"Aye sir." Kenriel said stiffly. He had faintly glowing white hair, looking almost like Herculian but he was pale as paper, with freckles like me He looked like an angel if not for the reddish tint to his orange eyes "Is that her?" He asked.
"No, that's Willow, Eternya's charge." He said looking at me sternly.
I bowed my head. He looked so serious, I figured he'd want a King's greeting, rather than casual waving, but he shook his head.
"You're fine little niece." He smiled slightly. "Come, share drink with me." He offered. "I hope you like milk."
"I kind of just kept making cookies" Said Flora.
Flora was also up it seemed, while her sons were more or less passed out on the couch. Her sons snored loudly, including Alavastros. The five of them made a herd, but I knew that wasn't what she worried about. She worried likely about their futures. She hid here for Ellio, and picked up the rest over time. It was only natural she cared about them like this.
"She bribes me." He teleported to a chair in the kitchen. "I do admit. It works, not that I'd deploy them anyway, nor father." Xaxas said being served at the dining table.
She put a large tray in the center of the table, and Xaxas summoned a gallon of milk to go with it. 
I sat across from him. "Then I'll help you polish off such a large bribe." I said taking a sugar cookie she made quite a few, all different kinds as well at least 5 batches of 20, since one tray was still cooling on the counter and this had to be at least 80 cookies
"Good, maybe you can stop worrying about everything." He smiled 10 cookies were levitated to my plate, and he summoned a gallon of milk for me too like I could finish That much.
We chowed down though. Warriors in passing also shared in the bounty while Flora still seemed stressed out.
"I have a question." I asked while he contently chewed.
"My peace efforts have solidified that this world is now protected. You'd think Arviel would have done that YEARS ago since this place is his wife." He said licking his fingers.
"Then I have another question." I said seeing him look pretty neutral. I was worried at first that I was annoying him.
"Kaizen has been ranked High General. None are above him in father's army, except the Herald in Title. They have to grow into positions so grand He got to see me make an example of another solar system because of the squabbling." He said simply. "It's why they looked so disturbed Why they speak so little of their last stent in hell. Do you have any more questions?" he asked simply, getting another cookie.
"What?" I said in disbelief.
"When I left, I made an example of a solar system that had 3 planets filled with life. I sliced through all three with my blade. Now father and Arviel are busy processing 17 billion souls Early, and all at once." He said as if he were talking about the weather.
"But all those people" I said looking at the table.
.I felt terrible.
"Would you rather it everyone?" Xaxas asked with a raised brow. "Did you make any more frosted cookies?" He asked this genuinely. 
"Yes sir." Said Flora. They weren't ready, but she started frosting the ones on the counter early.
"If I have to destroy worlds to prove a point I will. I have no qualms about taking life. What irks me is that I had to settle a dispute for grown ass men. that my nephews and niece feel responsible is something I can't help. They will no matter what I say." He said this sipping some milk, being handed freshly baked, still piping hot frosted oatmeal raisin cookies.
I I was just flabbergasted.
They all died on a whim. He didn't look like it took him any effort or anything There was no remorse or sorrow or hesitation
"That's the point." Said Xaxas. "Those are mortal feelings. Those who sit above forgot I'm down here for Harmony. An entire pantheon lay dying at their masters' feet, and there's nothing either of them can do about it. There are souls who died in the instant destruction of their planets, billions confused and afraid. They will be busy for some time. I have attention on myself now But if it means there is peace, I will detonate another. One by one, world by world."
"Are you alright?" Asked Eternya. "You look paler than usual." He reached for a cookie, and Flora slapped his hand.
"You didn't take out the trash yet." She hissed. "Sorry Willow I found out at the party, but don't look so distraught. There's nothing we can do about it, just hope our world doesn't' suffer the same fate."
"It won't unless they're ready to lose their wives." Said Xaxas having another one
I stood. This was too much.
"I'm not hungry anymore." I said going back upstairs, and getting in bed.
"I see you know." He said rolling over. Kaizen snatched me and held me tight, rubbing my mark in little circles with his thumb. "There is nothing to do about it Willow."
"I know." I said quietly. 
"In the morning, we are to sign another addendum into the treaty. This world will officially be considered a sanctuary, thus, excluded from altercation." He said with a yawn.
But that still didn't stop me from thinking about what his uncle said that with his sword he cut 3 worlds in half. 
----Kaizen----
The sunny sky was half dim, with the Layer Lords as well as The High Angels present in my front yard.
Between us stood Xaxas in his true form 12 feet tall, with a blazing crown between his horns.
Mortals watched inside their homes, fearful that this was it
Willow Finally passed out from running herself in circles about all this There was nothing to be done, and nothing to say other than condolences to those who died, and relief that it was no one we knew
While she slept, while she dreamed of her mother, and telling her about our pup I was living my title. 
I stood before Uriel as a general now, not just a King's brother or nephew.
"I, Uriel, with all my titles, Vow on pure blood and purer intention that none shall lay a hand to smite. That we as angels and demons may war, but NOT on this world This is the first world to be claimed as a sanctuary for both parties. That my people will not start war unless it is the Horned who strike first. May Rodrick hold witness, and add another addendum to the Treaty of 1605." He bowed to Xaxas first, then to me. "May it be seen by the Realm King that as a representative, and as a messenger, we of the Light honor a cease fire on Urth."
I bowed to him, and then to Rodrick.
"I, Kaizen, Also vow this. I vow with Horned Blood, that there is no war, unless the angels strike first. That none create tension purposefully, and that unless war is officially declared, that none make it." I said firmly. "Of course, as creatures of opposing factions may duel and do battle, but it may not involve any who the Kings would be angered by. Those skirmishes on this realm end with the drawing a drop of blood, or surrender."
"As the Realm King, I accept and acknowledge these terms. As the Judge I have my own addendum. Should any disobey, I will deliver you to the offended party myself before I kill this world. That you may have whatever horrors inflicted on you by the angered gods before they raze this universe into nonexistence."
A giant scroll the width of a small car appeared, and it was sighed by me, Uriel, my siblings, Herculian, and a few others.
So it was set. As a sanctuary, no fighting beyond duels were permitted. It meant Uriel could see his grandkids without worry of killing them later It meant I could rest easy with Tamriel and Sentinel living here and that they didn't have to worry about me.
###chapter 71
Willow
I knew I was dreaming. But I could only watch. Kaizen barked orders while using his powers to fly It was the End Mighty demons were underneath and behind him His father stood with his brothers in armor made by the Horned One himself.
All three of them rode giant dragon headed serpents even Asanguis. Even though he was a serpent himself.
"Forward!" Kaizen barked, in I think demon. He was his true form, ten times the size I remembered him to be 
His brother was shifted in a human form, in the sky with a white chariot, flying next to his brother, while Grace rode her mate 
The other side was a great army of white Angels of all regiments. All the saints and Champions.
"Surrender now!" Shouted Rodrick He rode Uriel, holding a special incense holder It was a ball on a long chain.
"Your people killed my fucking mate and child. Uriel, Rodrik I know it was not you two, but you stand in my way." Said Kaizen in perfect English.
"I will protect my people." Said Rodrick. "I have issue with this I truly do, but I cannot allow you to march Zuviel's army across the earth."
"I willingly lend my multitudes." Said Xaxas coldly.
"I am here for my grandson and daughter. I'm skinning you lot for my office floor" Growled Bryson. He stood on his serpents head, holding a hammer in his left hand.
"Your people betrayed the treaty. Your people will taste the death they wished for." Asanguis sneered
"I find it a little droll that your people kill my pup, and slay my wife, then think nothing would happen. Forward." Kaizen Commanded, and I watched him breathe lightning and fire. The beam of it made deep trenches in the dirt. But I had no idea where they were.
Demons poured from a large crack in the earth like water.
The Earth Goddess I think became a dead tree. I saw the Moon Goddess be killed in retaliation. By Hurculian.  I knew he was ordered to do that
"I think you've seen enough." Said the Horned One.
I woke up, looking at my hands.
It was around 2pm I messed up my sleep schedule, that was for sure but everyone seemed relaxed. I could hear indistinct, but casual chatter all around the packhouse.. It seemed the worst was over, and that there was some kind of real peace. The birds sang, and I could hear Kaizen and Uriel.
I took a shower, brushed my teeth, and put on Kaizen's hoodie The scent of it was nice He smelled like he was wearing expensive cologne. I knew that was just his natural smell but I'd be lying if I said I didn't need that right now. I was so bothered this afternoon I don't know why.
What was that dream? I didn't remember it
If it was That bad, maybe it was better that way?
"My foal's gone home, so I guess I'll follow." Said Uriel in our office. "I intend on seeing what my daughter did with the castle anyway." He said likely standing. I could hear the recliner move. We decided to keep it. It was really comfortable.
"A shame too. I know Willow wanted to say goodbye to everyone, but they're Kings. They're missed too much." Chuckled Kaizen. He sounded like he knew I was up. "I do!" he yelled.
"That isn't fair!" I shouted back.
"Aye, but it's passive. Kings and Old Ones, those who carry ancient blood are stuck this way." Said Uriel in Kaizen's defense. 
"That and work. I'm not even a King and my desk is still overloaded." Said Kaizen with a sigh.
"I've only been alive less than 48 hours, and I'm already getting summons from the Holy Seat. He disagrees with the idea of Sanctuary, but I'd rather not see anyone get hurt, and cause the War I literally already Died for to restart." He complained.
"Afternoon Willow I know you didn't sleep too well." Said Kaizen, zipping to me before I could walk through the door proper.
"I don't remember anything about it." I admitted. Uriel hummed.
"A shame I didn't get to meet you properly. As I see, you know I am Uriel, the Glittering One." He bowed. "You were used as a warning I heard your dreams."
"I did too." Said Kaizen. I hated that they heard, but I guess I was a microphone to be a final warning. To Both sides.
Uriel took both our hands, and shook his head. "Let it be known now that I mean my blood oath. To harm any of this bloodline, would break my vows.. And as you saw no good would come of it." 
He said this and left, but I was pulled into Kaizen's arms.
"I know everything has been stressful on your part too but know that you're safe. I would not let you be hurt But don't leave me or Eternya's side He's currently downstairs, speaking with Ellio."
"I wouldn't mind having breakfast." I said as my stomach growled.
"I can make you some meat." He offered. That was sweet but I needed more than Just 'meat'
"And I'll make some veggies to go with it." I smiled.
We held hands, and I saw a beam of light, that had to be The Unicorn King leaving. But Eternya paid no mind.
"Grandfather I don't think I'll meet anyone's standards." Said Ellio.
"Me either." Said Rubin, the blonde minotaur.
"I already know that. I mean to teach you all self-defense." He said casually.
"Father We both know that if they become targets, with your name attached to them and Lord Kaizen's mark, they won't stand a chance." Flora was washing dishes, but I could feel the tension in the room.
"Better they know Something than Nothing." Eternya said with a shake of his head. "Kaizen back me up here."
"He's right. They won't participate in any real battle, but You Might. They at some point could be away from you. I know you love them, even Alavastros, but if you coddle them, they will be fodder." Said Kaizen.
". I'll only allow it because that does make sense." She said looking down "But don't hurt them."
"I have the steady hands of a surgeon." Said Eternya.  He summoned a scimitar it disappeared with a puff of hot air. "Actually I think I'll train all the chicks here. It wouldn't be a *bad* thing." 
"Would that include me?" Asked Jack. He materialized from the wall I also think he does that to show off.
"If you want? You're adept at shadow magic. Incredibly rare for a shifter." Eternya thinking out loud. "A new son of the master will be here Whatever I can do to keep my bloodline safe, benefits me as well." He said leaving out the door.
Jack followed, and Kaizen got me to sit on the couch.
-----Kaizen-----
She happily ate, and I went upstairs to make a phone call. Dad answered about the 4th ring.
"I know you're stressed." He said before I could say anything. "Pups are a blessing, and you'll be a fine father."
"But what if I'm not?" I asked. "What if my new title gets in the way of me being there. Even now I feel pulled to leave Urth to train, so I may be stronger so I can protect her from the Light's minions." I said firmly.
Uriel was a unicorn He would keep his word. To ruin it, to betray it would make him a bicorn...a demon horse He'd grow goat horns, and loose his fur, grow scales, and bat wings He'd be in the possession of grandfather then.
But that could not be said for Herculian 
I saw her premonition Be it just a warning or not, it wasn't impossible. The Demigod of Strength was only as passive as his father let him be.  There's a sun brand on his right shoulder, as grandfather's brand is on my left.
"Hold off on leaving." Said father.
"But-" Mother cut me off.
"There's too much unrest Kaizen." Said mother. "Tyson is an official general of hell... Contention for his right to the throne is active. If push comes to shove, dad could rule, but just hold off" She said silently.
"Alright mom." I said relenting. I should have taken this call outside. I felt congested in my office.
I knew the Council's bickering and complaining would blow over soon, as there were no real threats from any Seats with Brutus dead and Jang wallowing in insanity but they had a point. The Point of the King's Position was the protection of this world FROM grandfather, not be part of it.. Defined lines in the proverbial sand were always touchy when it came to the Horned One, and affiliation with him.
I relented, not liking the hesitation, but it was for a good reason. I went back downstairs.
"Are you alright?" She asked. Willow's stress could be scented over her normal woody one That isn't good for her. 
"I'm alright; just annoyed that I'm stuck with work." I half lied, not that she could tell lies from truths anyway Well not with powers.
"If you need to talk to me, you can." She said getting up, putting her dish away. I offered to wash it.
She worries about not only me, but now our son. One who will grow to be as strong as I am now One that I have to raise right, being born Number Fucking 4. He'll be able to teleport to hell as soon as he figures it out 
Hell, no matter what it looks like, is still no place for the young. It ages you it seeps into your bones and tests your sanity and your mettle. 
I worry that if I slip up, my son will be spoiled. He's going to be born a prince a general maybe even assist in a Layer of Tarteron What can I do to prevent that? Will living as Just an Alpha be enough? I looked again at my mate, who caught onto my state of mind
Gods her hug felt nice. It reminded me of what I was fighting for.
Also Willow scented like she was starting to heat again? That wasn't right.?
###chapter 72
*Mature: Sexual content*
A/N: I can't believe it I have a 60-sided novelty dice at home since I have a horde of D&D dice I rolled a 60 TWICE!!! TWICE !!! HOW COOL IS THAT?!
No, I will not elaborate on why I rolled it. Heeheeheeheeheee
Willow
I held a growl but I wasn't angry or anything. I think just impatient. Kaizen was gone, but he'd be back soon. I sat outside, watching Eternya dodge Jack.
I'd learned that holding growls were important, especially if I needed to go out. I held my breath a second. No air, no growl There were other ways too, but those techniques needed an inner wolf to do, like mentally holding their mouth, or telling them to be quiet.
I can't exactly do that. But since I was home, if I did growl, I'd only get scolded maybe because I'm supposed to be learning to hold them at will. I focused back on Eternya and Jack... They were training, but Jack wasn't making much progress.
Three days passed, and there was peace. But in that peace I was a little restless.
Eternya trained all the children in the morning before they went to school, and at noon, he trained any adults. I watched today because I was invited to Plus, Kaizen had to leave for business, so it meant I would be babysat. It was only 1pm; he said he'd be back by 3.
I sat outside in a lawn chair.
"Come on Jack. If you want to stab me, you'll have to do better than That." Said Eternya. He parried Jack with ease, and sighed when he did get stabbed It was more of a poke. Eternya couldn't be marred by Jack's knife.
"There!" Laughed Jack.
"..Gods Mortals are so weak." Eternya said shaking his head. "Come at me again, and this time use your magic to propel yourself."
"What do you expect?!" complained Jack. "If I try any harder, I'm putting a hole in your chest."
"Then Do It." Countered Eternya. "Don't hold back."
"Is that permission to do as I please?" He asked pulling out an old, rusted dagger It had a black aura to it
"Aye. Come at me with all your might. If you can cut me proper, I will sharpen your old blade." Said Eternya.
This was probably going to get gory..  
I think I'd seen enough Jack seemed to almost enjoy training so hard.To be fair, he got to slash someone who couldn't really be slashed. Eternya got to have mock battles with all the minotaur, shifters, and witches.
I went upstairs. I could still hear them fighting But I didn't want that
What did I want? I wasn't hungry or anything. It was too soon for a second lunch anyway, I think?
"I know what you want." I heard Kaizen growl from behind me He grabbed both my breasts, giving them both a squeeze.
I leaned into him. Pure Arousal I knew what I wanted now
"You're playing dirty." I said with a smile. I was turned around to face him. He kissed me roughly. It took my breath away, since he held me so aggressively, putting a claim on me as if I were his prey
It wasn't fair!
"Oh I'm fair. What isn't is your scent." He whispered in my ear. He nearly nipped it with his fangs He was so close My cheeks heated up, and I could feel myself start to get wet.
"I can't be in heat or anything I'm already pregnant." I said looking down, trying to rationalize this. I knew he was right, but his hold confirmed it and my reaction to it.
"Yet here I am, already Fully hard by Just the sight of you." He growled, kissing me roughly, putting his hands over my button through my clothes. My panties were nearly instantly soaked His touch set me ablaze with want I was so ready I nearly wanted to rip off his clothes myself.
"Oh.." I said as all I could think about now, was his dick in me I wanted him to shove it in, and ride me hard.
"If you keep thinking like that, I will." He growled in our kiss, ripping my shirt with his claws. The door was open, but he didn't care I cared about his lips attacking me, while his hand caressed me.
I was carried to the bed the last three steps to it and roughly thrown on it. I helped take off my pants and panties. The shirt was clawed off fully now by his impatience .
He growled again. It had no meaning, but I knew it was pure lust and menace. 
He put his fangs away to attack my button And I writhed like a doe in the arms of my wolf. He was wild, hungry I could see him pumping his cock through his jeans with his free hand It was so big that the head of it was already peeping out 
Kaizen inserted three fingers in me, and pumped them with the force of an Alpha I opened my legs wide for him... I didn't want to wait to be wet enough I wanted him Now. "Take me Kaizen." I said arching my back. "Fuck me."
"You don't have to tell me twice." He said pulling off his pants, flipping me around and putting himself in me doggy style I was wet enough already, and feeling him go in made me cry out in pure pleasure.
He was hard and fast, fucking me on his knees on the bed, holding my hips in the air to give him more force I gripped the sheets, moaning loudly while he bred me like a cow. He was so big that I felt every inch of him gliding inside my soaked core like a professional swimmer. He snarled going harder, cumming in me with so much force that he flipped me around, and picked me up.
I wrapped my legs and arms around him like an octopus, and he didn't slow down, nor stop.
"Ah." He said with a strained face. He was still cumming, and I could feel the forceful pumps of his cock while the slaps could probably be heard outside
I hadn't cum yet, but he bit my mark holding me in the air like that. I was folded in half like a piece of paper, and I was fucked hard enough to swear.
"Shit!" I yelled at the top of my lungs, feeling the tingles and sparks so intense, that I pulsed around him, but he didn't stop. He knew I wanted more  He knew that I wouldn't be sated until I couldn't gyrate my hips with his rhythm He put my ankles on his shoulders, and pressed me against the headboard
Now his force made me 'oh' with each slap... I was going to cum a second time 
I really was in heat 
"More." I panted, and he bit harder with a snarl, pumping harder too. 
[I'll hurt you.] He warned in wolf.
"I can take it." I protested. "Fuck me Kaizen. Fuck me like a toy."
He used the headboard of the bed to thrust into me so hard I  could feel him hit the wall of my insides. It cracked behind the force of his thrusts but I didn't care about that. We'll fix it later. Right now, the only thing I could think of was how good he felt. 
I climbed a steep hill one that was so pleasurable, all I could do was close my eyes. My button was hit with every insert every pull out felt like miles, only to be shoved into again I made fox noises this time. His bite was tingling it gave its own sadistic pleasure I could feel myself get tight. I was so tight around him that I almost could make out how far inside he was
I was getting fatigued with so much but it was worth the explosion.
"Fuck." Snarled Kaizen, and I snarled with him when I came
I came so hard with him, that he held me, pulsing with me And pulling out, he was pretty much empty All he had was put in me, and I was spent but I still wanted More.
We both looked at the crack in the wall you could see the office through it. 
"Shit well let's get the sheets off the bed" Said Kaizen sheepishly.
"And um... we should probably text the construction crew after it doesn't smell like heat" I admitted.
He laughed. "I mean I'm pretty sure the whole town heard those yips." 
"Shut UP!" I yelled, hitting his arm playfully I wabbled a bit when I walked to the bathroom and he laughed at that too.
"I could carry you." He sang.
"I can Walk." I complained. "I bet they heard the slippy-slaps too." I said with a grin. I grabbed his cock and he hissed.
"There will be more in the bathroom if you keep that up." He warned.
" Who said we're making it to the bathroom?" I growled. 
"Oh?" He said excitedly. I led him to the bed this time, and he pretended I could throw him on it.
I closed the door. "You're Trapped in here with Me."  I grinned.
"I'm not running away." He said happily.
 I craved him. I really did. We'd gone through so much, maybe the stress made me heat again. It didn't matter; I didn't care  His kiss gave me literal tingles running straight to my core It was already ready to go again I couldn't wait to be mated one more time Just one more.
###chapter 73
Willow
It was Friday afternoon 4:30 pm. The lights in here were blinding, even though honestly, it wasn't any brighter than any other doctor's office, I was just shocked.
I Saw what he was talking about I just had a hard time wrapping my head around it. I was only a month along
"If you see the two lumps, here and here, you'll see that there's twins." Said Dr. Sampson. He pointed to the pictures on the wall. This doctor came all the way from New Apple. He took the cases of me, Grace, and Samira, while some other famous doctor delt with Diana 
I was in the Dr's office here in the pack clinic though thankfully, since this famous M.D. decided to come personally to Misfit.
Yet. Dr. Sampson's sharp, stern, but familiar features threw me off He looked like Somone I knew, but I couldn't put my finger on Who.
"Is there another test?" Asked Kaizen. "I see the lumps but-" he got cut off.
"No. There's twins in there." Said the Dr. Firmly. Like there wasn't any negotiation that maybe he might be wrong. "I'm never wrong." He glared at the both of us.
"But what of my children?" Kaizen asked standing up. "Only One was blessed by my grandfather as General 4 What of the other? Will they be mortal?" He asked. "Please don't tell me that I may see one die." 
"That's not something I could rightly talk about." He said as if he knew, but he's just a doctor he didn't.
"Fuck. Willow would you be alright if I spent an hour or two Below? I need to talk with Him." He said cryptically.
"I know I'm having boys, right?" I asked the Dr. 
He nodded. "The Horned One told you that you'd have a son; you're having sons with an 's'."
"Then I can go get the nursery ready, and you try and figure out what we're going to do They need cribs, formula, clothes, toys, baby proofing everything. We have 5 more months." I got held by Kaizen. It stopped my worries a moment.
"It'll be Fine. I just want to make sure that if we are to have two, that they're both healthy If I have to trade or offer something to do that, you know I will" he hugged me gently.
He rumbled a growl I hadn't heard before. It didn't have any meaning to it But it felt nice.
"I must take my leave to see to the other royals. Personally, I think you both worry too much. If anything happens, I'll leave a way for you to summon me directly." Dr. Sampson vanished leaving a small ruby collar behind
"The note says for you to wear this." Said Kaizen. It was a thick necklace made with black metal, and a large ruby cabochon The ruby was crystal clear as water feeling cold to the touch. Kaizen put it around my neck, and for some reason I knew it would be able to shift with me, but I was already told no shifting.
I was told that at this stage, if I shifted, I'd have to stay that way until they were born. 
The drive home was silent, since neither of us knew what to say What Kaizen said reminded me of Gemineye constellation. It was said that Arviel put it in the sky to honor his sons Twins born where one was immortal, and the other was not I also think though that only one child was his, but it didn't matter  In all the ancient stories where this happened, the mortal child Always died some graphic, painful death
Or since I'm immortal too I'd have to watch my child age, grow old, and die..
Who would want that for their children.?
"Don't cry Willow. Today is meant to be joyful." He said wiping the single stray tear away
"I don't Alright." I relented He said he'd handle it. All I could do is trust him on this.
"I Will Handle This." He said confidently.
Kaizen parked at home with Eternya already on duty. He laid in the grass in the front yard, babysitting some of the young children he trained, about 4. They were out of daycare and running all over him. It was hard to imagine he was the son of the Volcano God when he was like this.
"Hey, stop biting each other!" He shouted with his eyes closed. He sounded a little done with them, but he kept his cool.
Then there was crying. He sat up. I recognized the two in question. They were both 4, but also big troublemakers at the daycare 
"Jamie Bit Me!" Cried the one who started it, Tonyeh.
"I did not!" Jamie screamed at the top of his lungs. The shriek hurt my ears, but Eternya sighed.
"Yeah and I saw you nip him first." Said Eternya, holding them both. "Apologize and stop playing rough if you don't like being bit back." He looked a little agitated, but I could understand that He was one of the higher ranked generals of the Realm King He should be out, I don't know, blowing something up, not chastising teething toddlers.
He let them go, and grumbled something in another language.
"I was going to ask you to watch Willow, but I see the Munros and Guthmans asked you to watch their 'angels'." chuckled Kaizen. "The Doglesses and Roberts too."
"I see this as penance." He said standing. "I will gladly watch your mate. There's blocks over there." He joked lightly.
"Oh whatever." I complained.
"Damn Sassy toddlers don't get cookies." He warned.
"Nor do fathers who forget the trash Again!" Shouted Flora. "Stop burning the garbage in the backyard to hide it too!"
"Time is a construct dear." Eternya yelled smugly.
"So's your paycheck." Said Kaizen, who wasn't amused. 
"What?" Eternya asked, blinking twice.
"You're on *my* payroll, not my uncle's until he sends for you... I told you that last week You are clocking in, right?" Kaizen knew the answer to that, and the realization made Eternya sharply look at the front door. The thumbprint machine was in the kitchen. 
"Shit!" He yelled.
"I'll fix it when I get back." Said Kaizen. He disappeared with a puff of black smoke leaving Eternya looking defeated. 
Jamie screamed again, but this time I really did have to hold my ears. 
"Uncle Eternya has a *new* game." He hissed. "It's called give it back, or I blow it up." 
"I got them." Said Flora, shaking her head. "Your reward will be 3 scones with jam and some black lavender tea when you get back."
"I wanted to go shopping anywa-" I was cut off.
"Glorious. Let's go." He said happily.
I decided to walk, even though I could feel the keys in my pocket. It was a nice day out, and I needed the air 
"You seemed uncomfortably unhappy to be with child." Said Eternya when we were out of earshot of the kids.
"I am I'm having twins." I said looking down. "What if one's born really weak, or some evil twist of fate has one destined to die or something?" I said looking at the sidewalk.
"You're thinking of Arviel and Posidion's children When you were human, you must have liked mythology." He said with a small smile.
"I still do." I said truthfully.
"Well, let me tell you what happened to Castel and Pollex." He said as we walked.
----Kaizen----
I landed at the gates of my grandfather Father was already there it seemed.
"I understand your desire, but it is Denied." Said grandfather.
"I want to-" father was cut off.
"You will Not." He hissed. "You don't have the experience to make souls like this. If they were all born mortals, witches, or something simple, I'd hold your hand and show you. Not them." He said firmly. 
"Grandfather I come to ask mercy for my little ones." I said firmly.
"How I make them is how they will be made." He growled Where was grandmother?'
Usually, she was here to aid in his temper.
"She does not speak to me She does not look my direction I broke her heart with my harsh actions, and harsher words Her oldest threatened her life. How betrayed she must feel. If I could feel anything from her right nowI didn't mean to let her see my true nature up there"
"What happened?" Asked Father.
The Horned One's eyes were more saddened than angered now He took a few steps, and with the wave of his hand, the stars in the sky were gone. The only thing there now was a red moon, the one he made for grandmother so she could still do her job in his realm 
As far as I knew, they lived together in his castle, but I didn't smell her scent. At least not new scent
"There is peace, but no wife holds the hand of their husband." Said grandfather. "In my infinite power, I rule half all the cosmos, yet my big ass mouth has me eating my words."
He said that bitterly, as if he didn't even want the power he held 
"I could speak with her." I offered.
His eyes lit up.
"But on the condi-" He cut me off.
"Whatever it is you intend to do, do it. I will honor your request should you be successful." He  said striking me with lightning.
I blinked and I was at the foot of grandmother's gates... They were giant and silver. The handles to the 200 foot tall doors were two 10 foot crescent moons
[You may not enter blood of my blood.] Said Grindel, the First Wolf The Moon Goddess's Herold  He was a mighty black wolf, made when time wasn't stable His fur held glowing white markings. They pulsed with his threatening presence.
That meant he could not be defeated. They have the ability to get as strong as they need to be to defeat a foe
Knowing this, for my sons' sake, I would try to reason with only the wolf, as only the wolf myself.
"I have come on behalf of the Horned One. I seek entrance to reason with my grandmother. It is my right as her blood It is for my children, who are not yet born If I cannot speak with her, they may be born to die."
Even though he had no human form, I could see the shock on his face.
###chapter 74
Kaizen
[Follow] Said Grindel and I did silently.
I was granted entrance. But her realm did not look like it did before. 
Everything it was all black, oxidized. 
There was no shimmer to the silver grass and trees it was literally tarnished by her tears. The water was murky and dull. The little animals she loved so much were also tarnished, as if they too were tainted by how she felt
I got dirty looks from many of the wolves who ran alongside their human sides Many who were dead with their mates held each other's hands, but when I walked past, some even spit at me.
I was a villain
An outcast.
The Symbol on my back shoulder and belly button marked me as a coconspirator to make their mistress afraid and upset.
I could smell her fear What was done Above? What terrible thing did they do in front of their wives.?
"Grandmother." I said seeing her briefly look at me before sobbing proper. Her realm was dim, and the dress she wore was red Her skin wasn't silver at the moment either it was a sickly blackish silver. Her irises were black too.Her white hair was dim.
"Look what he has done to you!" She cried into her hands, on her knees. She hadn't made any pups but the unborn that weren't finished tried consoling her by sitting in her lap, or around her 
Some were missing eyes, ears, arms, or legs Some didn't have a human form yet, while others weren't properly bonded together Those children if she didn't fix it would be born not only deformed, but likely not make it since some were also missing organs.
"I chose this." I said kneeling to her eye level, hugging her gently.
"You 'chose' that because it is his will!" She shouted. "If you've come here to defend him, leave." 
"I don't know what he did, but I know Arviel tried taking Tyson." I told her honestly "If we had not been marked, Me, Grace, Grace's pups And my pups would be dead along with our mates With Tyson stolen This world and Urth would have been ripped apart in mighty battle one where I would likely have to draw my bow against my brother and his sons My nephews Samira is his mate I doubt she'd have the heart to stay on our side if he's not here too.." 
"And I I can do nothing." She whispered. "He is no different from the Lord of Light You did not see their anger.. You didn't hear their words." 
"I have an idea." I said kneeling lower. "Both are ancient, high ranking, and stubborn None can stop them, merely question them You're grandfather's first wife, yet this isn't the first universe they've ever made." How I knew that, I had no idea, but I ran with it. "They behave as they do because they don't want to lose it all War that great would kill everything they love and own. And what is lost cannot be made again because then it would be a different thing a different person."
"Yet I am so easily thrown away." She mumbled. "I was imprisoned so long, I care not to remember. Time does not pass in our realms the same Even now You've only been here about 1 second of your time Image being locked away for millions of years, being stretched out Eons only to return, and the moment things go south, the one you died giving birth to threatens you with death Again by his blade A Mate who in his anger. Almost hurt me." 
I saw what she was talking about...
"I will rend your guts across this floor if you touch my grandchild!" Screamed Grandfather at the absolute top of his lungs. "You did not WANT THEM!"
"They hold MY blood too! MY LIGHT resides in the boy. Give him to Me, or give me back my energy. He steals a blessing meant for Herculion's line!" Yelled Arviel.
"I WOULD NEVER KILL MY CHILD!" Roared The Horned One "THAT YOU EVEN SUGGEST THAT SHOWS YOUR TRUE COLORS!"
"My mate, don't." Said grandmother.
"Stay Out of this Lulliba!" He sneered. She backed away as he marched to Arviel. 
They both held the same confrontational energy
"Husband stop this!" Yelled Lia, being pushed to the side, falling on grandmother. She fell right on top of grandmother It made her lose a little bark on her shoulder, and it scraped grandmother's arm.
Arviel had pushed his wife Away from the threat of the Irate Horned One but the damage had been done, both literally, and metaphorically.
The sky was half the darkest night, and the brightest day. With lightning of every color striking all around in between
"LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE!" The Horned One screamed. He'd had it. He placed grandmother in a protective bubble of his void darkness It was then that she freaked out silently
"YOU WOULD HAVE SLIT HER THROAT." Hissed the Lord of Light. He copied, but Lia had not been imprisoned like the Moon Goddess. She felt safer inside the light barrier.
"You KNOW I would not do such a thing!" grandfather countered.
Arviel did that to keep her out of it, to protect her in case the Horned One looked her way, but it didn't matter. They both were afraid of their husbands now, rightly so, and the Lords of Light and Night were too absorbed in their pissing contest to notice.
"ENOUGH!" Boomed my Uncle Xaxas, teleporting with fire coming from his breath It made a circle of clear sky between the unnaturally night and light sky.. "You cannot fight over souls already Bought And Paid For." 
"Boy get out the Fucking Way." Said grandfather. His form changed. He became. Just darkness. 
He was the silhouette of a hooved horned man, while Arviel was pure light. If not for Xaxas imprisoning both Lia and grandmother. They'd have continued.
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!" They both screamed at the same time. 
"Killing them BOTH, since NEITHER of you deserve such gifts." Said Xaxas. "If either of you so much as lay a Finger on the other, I will end Both your wives, not that you care."
"Son" Said grandma. She became tarnished silver at that moment 
"I do this for Peace. If there is no Urth, there are no grandchildren to fight over. If there is no Moon, there is no Urth Do you understand?" He said coldly. I knew my uncle he really would have done it. His sword was already out.
Lia and grandmother tried stopping the fight that almost broke out but it took the threat of their lives to make them stop.. They are smaller, weaker Lesser Goddesses. Even though no one got Actually hurt, the feel of the kings' powers so close to them terrified them both. 
It reminded them of their 'place', a wifeno lower than that
It made her feel as a concubine a warm bed fellow. a son birther. A disposable servant. Less than nearly the lowest mortal, a worm Belittled.
I For a moment I had no words. 
Xaxas was no better But at least he did that out of panic I could see on his face that he'd made that up on the fly, then doubled down on the impromptu plan.
Those two share Number One, ruling all that is, or ever was from now until the end of forever Xaxas is Three As the Judge, at any moment he may rule the finality of all worlds, and if Lia dies, so does Lulliba
What is a planet without a moon? Tides won't happen. So the world would slowly die.
What is a moon without an earth to revolve around? Without Lia's planet, grandmother dies a slow death You aren't a moon anymore if you aren't revolving around.
What is a sun without any planets to warm? Yet, they are both powerful enough to 'just make' a replacement wife, but it's something neither of them would do. In their power, they could make more planets after all something I still had trouble wrapping my head around.
"He really fucked up." I mumbled. "I can't lie and say that was all bravado but I know they regret it now."
"Do you ask me to go down there?" She asked, no longer crying about this, but it was clear that she was still upset. "Do you ask me to not scream at the sight of him?"
That hurt me. As someone with a mate If Willow said that, it would absolutely crush me All her realm was silent, though some faintly hummed the Song of the Pale Lady. It has other names, but the tune is the same.
"You shouldn't fear your mate grandma" I said unable to look her in the eyes. She saw him as a monster The Moon Goddess shared her memory with me and that included her feelings
She saw him for what he was, the Void King 
"What is to stop him from devouring my realm to make more demons? He took you he took Grace Tyson Bryson even little Isabelle even Nixxia, who I negotiated with Arviel, as still a Prisoner. for 15 years to receive I have no children I merely birth them." She said sadly.
"Yet Father has his Own mark, and so do my uncles Me and my siblings are protected by the Flames of Hell as generals. I can visit whenever you like, now that I know the way. I can't lie and say this is all one side's fault, but I can say that none of us are left behind, nor are we unprotected." I said shifting.
She did that so she could pet me.
"You're such a good boy." She said silently my tail wagged.. "My good boy"
I Really liked that complement I Don't Know Why, but I rested my head on her lap. Her stomach growled Gods don't get hungry but they do need offerings.
[If I made you something to eat, do you think you could at least meet him on Urth?] I asked, being allowed to shift. I had my clothes still, likely something she did.
She wiped her eyes. "I still have some human baking ingredients"
"Alright. I'll make you some warm tea and muffins to go with it." I smiled. 
I was given her apron and I at least knew partly what I was doing from seeing Flora Phones don't get reception in other realms, so I winged it.
"Let me help." Said a man I'd not met before He looked like the Sleeping Wolf King. Like King Ashital.
"Alright." I said happily.
"I'm Kejh'Kaizo." He said shaking my wrist, getting measuring cups. That was King Ashital's firstborn grandpa Kaiden's father
He looked like a combination of the Wolf Queen's African, and the King's High Northern complexion His hair was in a thick braid. It was frizzy, and fluffy. Paintings at home had his hair gelled then.
He reminded me of mom His wolf was solid black, and indeed.  *Really* fluffy like mom.
I wish she was here to see this. I bet she'd have some snarky comment about what I'd thought if I said it to her.
"In all the years all of us have lived, the only thing I knew of you, was that you were poisoned." I said being aided by this ancestor.
"Aye, but you seem like you, Grace, and Tyson came out alright. Is Kaiden still so serious? I swear that boy was born with a stick up his ass." He complained.
"No?" I said as he breathed fire on the baked goods They were ready a little too crisp for my liking, but they weren't truly burned
"I'll take that as a no. We try so hard mistress We all want good kids who do great things, and we don't want them to slip into darkness But I knew my children would be mated to it After all, that was their destiny. You told me so yourself. They try to keep things unburdened by the war that has me here" He handed her the tray, and she cried as she sipped the tea.
"Why does it hurt so much?" She asked. "Why does this taste so good?" 
"..I got to live [Redacted] years. Surely, in all that time, I'd have learned something." Kejh'Kaizo admitted. 
"True." She smiled
"Redacted?' I asked, being ignored.
"And if I am permitted I can help you with your-" Kejh'Kaizo was cut off.
[That is enough, blood of my blood.] Barked Grindel. [Your mortal snacks are so good, that I can't wait to eat another batch.] He said glaring at Kejh'Kaizo. And me. 
I felt like a roach.
/She feels bad enough. Maybe one day I may tell her./ Grindel linked me. As her herald, he'd be permitted to tell her something so distressing but for my ancestor to be so quick about it, it meant that this probably wasn't the first time he tired being honest with her
###chapter 75
Kaizen
Two years and six months passed, but I wasn't worried Time is different, and thankfully it meant that I was probably gone about two and a half hours back home.  Grandmother was still a little unsure about forgiving anyone, because she had every right to feel betrayed.
I learned a lesson while consoling her too. No matter what I must not let Willow see the true monster I am. I don't feel compassion anymore or sympathy.
If asked, I'd kill without hesitation so long as it wasn't a loved one. It was just business.
"Kaizen you're head's in the clouds." Said the Moon Goddess I hadn't seen the Wolf King, nor Queen. I think they were clear across the other side of the realm They also likely felt guilty, and didn't want to come see me, nor my siblings.
"Yeah I'm thinking about home." I said sitting down with her in front of the lake She wasn't tarnished anymore, but she wasn't her bright, happy self either I won't let her leave here without being ready. 
Her greatest fears are the dark imprisonment and the pain of dying Those are natural for anyone. Needless to say, that her own son and mate did it was just the icing on the cake. 
"I think then that I'll return." She said looking me in the eye.
"If you're not ready, I won't make you." I said firmly.
"I will never be *ready* to see your grandfather like that again so instead, I'll go. Your deal regards the little ones he will make I have no right to impede that."
"You make it sound as if I was right to try and stop him." I said wondering what had her so upset about him making my sons
"I know my mate He makes Warriors not children" She said sadly.
"Yet, as a Sanctuary, Urth is Safe from that kind of strife." I put my hand on her shoulder The werewolves who were here no longer hated me, but because I was marked, I would always be a bit of an outcast here
"Yet I still feel as though I am not needed, nor wanted." She admitted, being handed tea by one of her people. "I know I am but you saw. He was so engrossed with retaliation, that his anger made him imprison me His powers are dark and cold There is no feeling to it I would have died alone in that bubble had my own son cleaved the world in half" 
So she saw too Xaxas's blade was a literal part of him, just as my bow is mine But the difference is in strength. I could do some damage sure, not that I'd want to, but he destroys entire realms She had no souls there but those moon goddesses were dead. 
It left every soul ever made there to be judged by the Lords of Light and Night all the destroyed afterlives too
"Grandmother, you don't have a weapon do you?" I asked.
She summoned a small, metal lantern It held blue light.
"Humblon gave this to me when I was still young It was one of the first or second nights I was completely ignored by Arviel I didn't even know my powers would have a cycle back then. It grew colder, longer, and scarier with each night. I didn't know your grandfather then Arviel made me no weapons That was never my purpose. You forget I was always made to be Just a wife to Humblon, not the mate of Zuviel."
The auditory whoosh was for our sake, since Xaxas actually didn't make sound when he used his ability
"Mother-" he was cut off.
[Begone!] Shouted Grindel, appearing from nowhere. Even though the Moon Goddess was lesser, Grindel's task was to guard the In-between, the endless realm of the spirit world, that led to all afterlives. 
Grindel would be strong enough to kick him out, because universally, all gods thought he should be able to do his job, and repel all but the Lords of Light and Night.
"No let him speak." She said quietly.
He looked hurt seeing her slightly tarnished If he'd seen how bad it was when I got here, I don't think he could have handled it
"I can't ask your forgiveness but I do kneel to apologize." He drew his sword, and kneeled before his mother on bended knee. "You are fragile as a butterfly, yet I put you in harms way." 
She got up, and hugged his neck.
"Do not lower yourself to me Xaxashevaal You are a man now. What little time I had with you, was all I would have ever gotten All I would have been given. Do you even rightly see me as your mother?" She asked honestly...
"Of Course I do." He said standing. He stood there, looking down on her since his true form was so much bigger, but not as big as the Horned One. "That you call me my full name it saddens me mother." He said quietly.
"That I was made a disposable pawn in the games of powerful men has saddened me." She quietly countered. "Take us Below." She request.
"Alright." He said snapping his fingers.
Hell felt. Dangerous right now.
His mood was sour, and the suffering of the damned was so great, that the scent of it, and the sound of their screams could be faintly heard on the wind
He did not approach grandmother. He was waiting for her to come to him. He said nothing, likely for fear of scaring her away.
"My lord." She said hesitating
That had to sting Again, he said nothing. The Void King bowed to his moon goddess and she ran, hugging his neck. They were mates. You could literally see the thin red line between them, but he was probably afraid she would break this bond That she would leave him
"Forgive me little butterfly I ask so much, but I am greedy." He said kissing her on the top of the head. "I have no right to do anything other than apologize."
"I accept, but you reminded me too much of Arviel, husband. I know Lia feels expendable as well." His hurt became true guilt.
"You are invaluable. Even now Kaizen may ask Whatever he wishes, even my crown if it means I may be with you." He said it with conviction He really would.
He actually took it off and put it in my hands. It floated there, and just kind of sat there levitating, spinning above my open palms. I don't think I'd be able to lift this I think as a mortal, if I touched it, it would destroy me.
The unlimited power of his crown was only a fraction of what he could do Even Xaxas took a few steps back. All hell was silent. No one knew what I would do or say or wish for or put it on
I wanted none of that.
"I do not want such a responsibility." I said firmly. "I wish my sons and nephews be true demigods as I am, and we three gain the strength of our titles. I don't wish godhood. I don't want grand powers like that You bless me enough. I did this for my unborn, and my siblings. I want our little ones to have the immortality I have. I want them to have happy, prosperous lives I will not ask anything of you grandmother if you don't wish them to have mates, that is your choice."
"No I will grant them this. Mates keep the peace Without it my mate." She couldn't finish, and he held her in his arms.
"And I will give you three powers that match your numbers. I know you ask that because of Uriel You will be Equal to him now, and there will be Many who Will Not Like This." Said The Horned One.
"I know but should Uriel be ordered to slay my babies in their crib he Will He has a master, just as I do." I bowed my head and raised his crown high. I wished he'd take it back.
Just holding it made my heart beat too fast I was outside but everything and everyone was too close. And I knew too much all at once, all the time I knew how many souls were on every layer... and I knew the secrets to how old the Kings really were
That our world we resided on had been essentially reset to save Lia's life multiple times, and so too were the memories of the Champions to cope with their long lives
The other siblings were summoned, and they were confused. They didn't know of grandmother's tarnished skin either, until now. They were shocked to see me holding grandfather's crown, so they both put two and two together.
"Kaizen You made a wish." Said Tyson.
"Aye but not a bad one." I said feeling myself summon my bow It was kind of automatic. It was about as long as I was tall now and it was no longer wooden looking. It was a black iron longbow, made with an edge to the front of it, so I could use it as a sword The glowing red runes held my name, rank, and title As did my sibling's weapons
"With my power, your titles will befit you With my mercy, I will not give you mortal sons They will be demigods as you are, for I offered all Hell to my grandson, and he merely wishes protection for his family." Said grandfather. "I will even add the knowledge you need to restrain yourselves, that you don't kill your mates on accident." He smiled.
"Shit!" I said at the realization that there was a major loophole in my wish there were probably others too.
He clapped his hands and I was home in bed. I gasped awake.
I didn't look at the time, it didn't matter. I ran downstairs, passing by wolves who kneeled at the sight of me, making way so I didn't bump into them.
Now I needed to find my mate, and tell her the good news. I did this so she could be happy I didn't think it right she cry for our children before even their souls were made.
Fuck I was blessed.
###chapter 76
Willow
"Let's see." I said looking in the backseat of Kaizen's Hellcat. Me and Eternya stuffed it as full as we could get, but to be fair, we'd have to do at least two trips. We were in front of the general store, but I could see curious wolves likely about to help.
"If you insist on not nursing, at least get a breast pump." He said thinking out loud. "If your pups are born in fur, we might need to stop by a human pet store to get the right kind of bottles."
"You really did your research." I said being helped with a stroller. It was on sale, so I got it for later. The big box wouldn't Fit, but we smashed it a little to force it in the backseat.
"I did. Hopefully I might be of use when they're born." He admitted.
"Luna, do you mind if we help?" Asked a buzzcut warrior in officer's uniform. He stood next to his partner, who also smelled like his mate. His long-haired mate was stockier He had to be the stronger of the two, since he let it hang off the top middle of his back. 
"Yeah. The nursery is in between our room and Eternya's." I said handing them the keys.
The buzzcut warrior rolled down the window to drive, while his mate got a black Charger labeled 'Misfit Pack Patrol: Unit 12' on it. The patrol car held the rest of my items, and I didn't mind this nice weather. I'd wait until they came back to go home temporarily. 
There was a separation when it came to the Warrior division. Pack Patrol delt with the streets; they wore uniforms because most days, they didn't have to shift most of the time. They deal with pack disruptions and disputes, whereas the Border Patrol Units were usually in worn clothes they didn't mind shifting into, because they fought on the borders with Rogues of all kinds.
Since there were so many different kinds of peoples here, there were different kinds of Rogues attracted  
You'd think with Eternya's aura, as well as Tamriel and Sentinel's presence here that no one would dare, but apparently, I was wrong I think I should-
"I heard that. No." Said Eternya firmly. 
The Hellcat was brought back empty, and he opened the door for me. I sat in the passenger side, and I kind of wondered when he learned to drive.
"I wanted to speak with Sentinel; I don't know why, but I have a feeling that I need to." I mumbled.
"That feeling is your instincts. He's a threat and you want it dealt with. That's something for me to do." He said pulling off. The drive from the store was only about 6 minutes tops.
"Alright Kaizen's been gone three hours, so I bet when he gets back he'll be tired." I said thinking out loud.
"I doubt that." He grinned.
"What?" I asked as he pulled into the driveway.
"He's been years without the touch of a woman. Even if he is tired, he'll make time for you." He chuckled.
I blushed.
"I didn't think of it that way." I said this getting out the car myself. I thanked Eternya, and went upstairs. Valery was with her baby, arranging where the baby stuff went. She stayed in a packhouse room, and her sons shared one, even though technically only officers were allowed to. 
There was another house bought for Omegas, and those who couldn't afford a home here, but it was still being renovated. She'd told me she'd move out of principle, but I didn't want that I would respect her wishes though. It's her life, and me saying anything might make her do as I 'command', rather than what she wants.
"Hi Luna." She beamed. "I think the bars to the crib might be alright."
Rick was putting it together, while Jack helped put some spare furniture in the attic. I may have also bought twin beds so that they could each have their own section of the room. I also tried to think of everything.
"I can't get my hand through the slats, so I think it'll be fine." Said Rick. "I'll set up the changing station next."
"Good. Valery, can I talk to you?" I asked, and she nodded.
"Of course!" She smiled. She seemed so much happier here "I was going to go get a bite to eat while my oldest watches the little ones. Want to join?"
"That sounds nice." I smiled.
We went downstairs, and she had her own minivan now. It took her all of 2 seconds to put the baby in her seat. "Jack said I could use his car whenever I need." She smiled.
"Wow. I didn't know he had a minivan." I giggled. "I half expected him to have a cooler car."
"I did too." Valery said turning the ignition. Once she pulled off, she put her hand on my shoulder. "Now Luna, tell me of your troubles."
"I'm so nervous." I admitted.
"You have every right to be. You're going to be a fine mother too." She smiled. "I know you were human, and all this is still new. I couldn't imagine." She mumbled. "But we all have faith that you and Alpha will be good parents."
"Thank you." I said looking down. 
That wasn't what I wanted to talk about well not completely.
"How do you raise your kids?" I asked. Her sleeping pup was in the car seat Her little girl was so small maybe 5 or 6 pounds "Silvia's so tiny, but one day she'll grow up and be stronger than you..." I said looking at her hair. It was silver as a coin, but the tips were black.
"I had my pup at 5 months, so she's going to be small. We shift and birth by the Lady's grace." 
"But-" She cut me off.
"It's simple. You talk to them. You guide them when their young, and teach them proper outlets for their powers My sons and daughters are all gifted. Even when they were small, my boys were strong enough to hurt someone like me... So, I taught them young to be gentle. I teach them to use their words first, and to Never lay hands on an Omega." 
"That's my real worry I don't want our kids to be sadistic monsters." I mumbled.
"Don't worry so much." She said happily. "Lord Kaizen is a good man He wouldn't allow that. I suspect all that doubt is coming from you going in circles in your mind."
"You're exactly right" I said relenting. 
When she pulled into the café, I took the baby out the seat for her so she could parallel park a little straighter I smelled how new she was to the world.I handed her baby back, but I almost didn't want to. Silvia was so small and pink I could bet that was also instinctual. That innate desire to adopt that child
The café had been renovated. It seemed more modern, with wooden tables and chairs that reminded me of BuckStars back home. The clerk even wore a green apron, though their label and knockoff logo read Misfit. It was also busy in there, with many people of all classes inside. 
Misfit wasn't just for the elite anymore, and more homes were being made. There was also more forest bought to accommodate the change too. Many from all over the world wanted to stay here, under a neutral king, and two generals. Eternya said he'd buy a home after our little ones were around 15 or so, so that if he does stay here, that he can still be around, but have his own space.
The moment we walked in, the clerk stopped ringing up the next customer. He was tall, though his eye flash made his eyes milky I think he was an Omega like Valery.
"Your highness, what would you like?" Asked the clerk.
"I just want a cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake." I said casually.
"Have a seat. We'll bring it to you." Said the clerk with a smile.
They were honestly more like a diner than a café in that regard, but I wasn't complaining. He didn't ring it up or anything The guys in the kitchen just started making my order.
We made no protest, and sat by a window. We got stares and looks, but mostly bows. People knew who I was, and no one wanted to get in the way. I could see her eyes turn milky a moment, and she sighed. She linked back that person, and face palmed.
 "My oldest, Tommy, is watching my other pups. He's 17, and they're at the park." She said rolling her eyes. "He got into a bit of a scuffle with one of the  more well off pups, but thankfully Yuka was out on patrol with his mate, the ice mage Inka."
"Oh." I said sitting up. 
I wondered why they waited so long to have pups too If I remember right, Valery was over 800 That age likely had something to do with it. I asked her once did she remember the Witch Trials. If she had normal children, ones who could shift, I'm sure she got to see them put on the Ring. And her mate was a runner for her old pack. He likely died doing his job, and they didn't help her at all
But that was only a guess. It could also be that she just waited. Or wasn't able to
But I wouldn't ask about something like that on such a nice day. She was smiling, her little baby was in her arms, and we're out having a good day. Bringing all that up would probably make her upset. I outwardly smiled and we kept the conversation light.
"On the house." Said one of the cooks. He wanted to present it to me himself.
"Isn't this better?" She said happily after I hummed with that first bite.
"It is thank you. I've been thinking about all the what ifs. It's nice to stop." I smiled.
There was a flash of red in the sky, along with the boom of thunder. 
It was Kaizen. I knew that instantly
I recognized that red lightning from anywhere. He looked like he was coming from the packhouse by the direction. He landed at the door, and opened it with clawed fingers. He felt different. There was a small danger to his aura, and his glare before he saw me was razer sharp.
"There you are." His gaze instantly softened.
"How did everything go?" I asked, but instead of responding right away, he came over and kissed me on the forehead
"Everything is settled." He smiled. "Our pups are safe It's my job to handle all the supernatural stuff."
I was relieved I tried holding it in, but I cried on his shoulders. I hugged him, and I hated that I broke down so easily. I won't blame it on hormones, because it wasn't. It was relief that they wouldn't be born to have some terrible fate 
"I'll be on my way your highness." Said Valery.
"Thank you for consoling my mate. You don't have to leave if you don't want." He said seriously.
"I do sir." She said looking at the table. Kaizen was all I could scent, but I could tell he made her submit without trying to.
"Then go ahead. I'll take Willow home." He said this kindly, but it was silent the moment others saw him. He was my mate. Whatever happened, however his aura affected others wouldn't do that to me. And if it did, the gentle kiss he gave would have taken it away. He was always so passionate I felt calm despite his new scent.
###chapter 77
Willow
It was 8:30am, and I had the first appointment of the day. Although thankfully, it was over The lights in the office flickered, but I looked at the little images of my sons. They weren't blobs anymore, and this was starting to get a little surreal 
They had defined features, but they still weren't ready. If they were born right now, they'd be really premature, but alive So at least the most harrowing part of this pregnancy was kind of over 
I was three months and two weeks along, and now not only did I show, but I couldn't fit most of my clothes The human equivalent was 5 months, and I'd just gotten back from Dr. Sampson. He flew out here for us, Grace, AND Samira. 
"Please stay for dinner." I offered before we left out the exit. He was leaving too, as he only came for me.
"I couldn't impose." He said shaking his head.
"It'll be my treat." I smiled.
"My mate offers good food She can cook." Said Kaizen standing next to me. He was needed at the security office, but he made everything wait for me.
"I'll be there at 6." He relented.
"Yes! I won't tell you what I'm making. It'll be a surprise." It really would be, since now I had no idea what I wanted to do!
He chuckled. "All the better. Living so long can be boring when you know your predictions are accurate."
We shook wrists, but I swear his touch was really familiar. And ominous. He must have been a fae who aligns with the Horned One. He reminded me so much of him now that I thought about it.
"Let's go to the grocery store." Offered my mate.
"Alright." I smiled. 
The nursery was made, and we'd figured out what baby materials we'd need if they were born only the wolf. or kitsune. Gods they would be CUTE as little beans. But also more helpless than a human child if that was even possible.
Kaizen happily held my hand and put me in the car first, like a gentleman. I put on my seatbelt. He went past the store.And we drove outside of town.
"What are you doing?" I asked.
"Well, if we head out now, we can stop by the store and get those nipples you were talking about, stop by some kind of human baby supply store and get your pump, and the grocery store there has more human vegetables and meat variety." Said Kaizen.
"Good plan but how are you going to hide yourself?" I asked.
"I have an illusion already up. So long as I'm not directly touching someone, they see a 6 foot tall, black haired mortal.
I nodded, but I wanted to ask I would later, likely after dinner. Lately, the bed was also cold at times I thought I was imagining it, but I think he was going somewhere.
The pet store had a supernatural section and we got what we needed from there without any hassle. That side of the store was run by werewolves, who not only recognized Kaizen, but had a hard time ringing us up, because they wanted to show their appreciation We got $200 in teething supplies too.
The grocery store and specialty store were alright. I got about 30 pounds of salmon for variety, 10 pounds of asparagus, 35 whole corn, chickpeas for homemade humas, pita bread, and lemons. I knew how to make cake from scratch, but to get it started, I texted Flora for the cake. I thought I'd mix it up a bit I didn't ask what he liked, and I KNEW everyone would want a taste, so I made extra. She texted back saying she'd also make layered biscuits . 
I texted Rick to get the grill going, so it would be hot and oiled when we got home. Apple wood grilled salmon with lemon, humas, asparagus, corn on the cob and grilled garlic should be a good thank you. 
When he loaded the last of our things, the car was full. "That'll do it." He smiled.
"This is going to be fun." I said already in the car. He offered to load everything, not wanting me to pick up some of the heavy things we'd bought.
It was about 3pm when we got home too.
The packhouse was already booming with all the Warriors who lived there, as well as the Omegas helping however they could. Even though it wasn't a party, everyone pitched in so there was food already being made.
"Alright. Everyone's got a job. Let's get this done." Said Kaizen when he pulled in. As soon as the car stopped, there were many hands to help unpack and start cleaning the meat and washing the vegetables 
I went inside, with Flora, while Kaizen spoke with Gilbert and Jack.
There were multiple grills going, and we started with the veggies. Beef and pork were already roasted by Rick, who'd done that on his own, while we brought fish I hope I got enough. I didn't think everyone would pitch in like this, but I wanted to make sure the Horned One was stuffed full before he went home.
"The Horned One?" I mumbled.
"Huh?' said Flora. "Father be gentler, or you'll break the table." She chastised Even Eternya helped with kneading the dough.
"Nothing, just a weird gut feeling." I said helping with the seasoning of the meat before it was put outside. 
I had this all planned out. The garlic would be roasted in the smoke until it was soft, then I'd put it in the food and on the salmon, beef, and anything else that it would pair nicely with. Rick would watch the grills, while I manned the kitchen inside. I sautéed the vegetables.
A feast was made for Dr. Sampson, and I led like a head chef. 
 ------
The Dr. appeared with a soundless teleport, and he ended up in the center of the living room. He had his wife with him, and she looked adorable. Her dress was white, as was her hair. Her silver eyes reminded me of someone, but I couldn't figure out who.
"I brought my wife Mrs. Sampson." 
"Welcome!" I said running to hold each of one of their hands. "Come, eat with us."
They sat, while me and Kaizen were also served. All kinds of dishes were put on the table, and the Void King asked for a bit of everything.
There that was again. He reminded me so much of the Horned One, that I had to be mistaking him for him.
"So how long have you practiced" I asked.
"A long time." He said cryptically. "It staves off boredom, but with *you*, I hold personal interest." 
"How so?" I asked.
"Well," He cut into the fish first, and hummed when he bit into it. "For starters, you're my grandson's wife. Shit." He snapped his fingers.
"I Knew IT!" I grinned. 
Everyone froze as if time itself was stopped. Except his wife, the Moon Goddess.
"So, you figured it out hmm?" He interlaced his fingers. "You're only one of a Very small amount of mortals that have seen through this getup."
I didn't know what to say. He looked pissed, like I ruined his fun, but sounded pleased as if it was an amusing surprise that I figured it out.
"Husband stop teasing the poor girl." Said the Moon Goddess, defending me. 
"Fine." He complained. "Would you like to remain knowing, or ignorant? Either way I'll enjoy myself."
". I don't know. I assume since everyone is frozen, I'll sound really dumb if I slip up but won't I just find out again?" I asked.
"It's not impossible." He said cutting into the last morsel of salmon on his plate. "I like the fish most. Nobody ever offers me fish."
"I want to know everyone keeps everything else from me as it is." I complained. "And that's only the halibut." I smiled, making a dad joke.
"Really?" He grinned wide enough that I could see his teeth They all looked sharp He had no molars that I could see anyway.
"Why not?" I said being cheeky. So they all liked dad jokes. 
"Time will be restarted, and you, by your own merit, have my favor." He said shaking his head.
"What?" Said Kaizen, while others were also confused.
"Sorry. I just remembered something funny." He grinned. "Dinner was delightful."
"I'm glad for that. We all worked on it for quite a while Dr." I said almost calling him 'the Horned One'.
"I can tell." He got up and shook wrists with Kaizen. "I think it best you two talk upstairs after we leave." 
He vanished, and everyone was surprised, and excited that our dinner went well. I was too since I was the only one who knew we entertained someone like him. He must get a kick out of pretending to be supernatural. It's why I could never pinpoint what he was supposed to be
"You heard the man." Said Kaizen. I wondered did he know too, but I went upstairs to our bedroom 
"So, what happened in Hell?" I asked when he closed the door.
"I was allowed a wish, that's how I secured our sons' safety Also, I am now equal with Uriel in power, and I've been sneaking out about 7 hours a night to train" He mumbled.
"Kaizen!"
"At first I was gone only an hour or two but my trainer every night shows me how green I am." He said all at once. "I wished that my strength befit my title, but it means nothing if I'm too inexperienced to actually do anything. Please say something little mate, I feel ashamed as it is that I hid this."
". I understand why, but you still shouldn't have." I said a little bitterly. "I know you want to keep me safe, even my feelings, but don't hide so much."
"If I told you after I Just calmed you down, you'd still be stressed out." He countered. "I won't argue, you're right, but I am too. Can we leave it at that, so I can hold you, and tell you it'll be alright?" He came in and hugged me gently.
It did feel nice, but I bit his hand when he tried petting my hair. I couldn't mar his skin, not that I wanted to. I just wanted to prove a bit of a point.
"Now that's just Mean. I try to apologize, and I get *attacked*." He grinned.
"Yes, and take this too." I said having to crane up, and he bent down to kiss me. "I'm still a little perturbed at you." I glared. "But I think I get it You're doing what you think will keep me safe, but hiding things can't happen I fell almost disrespected."
"That was not my intention. I knew I shouldn't have hidden this." He looked down, frustrated at himself. "I hide nothing else forgive me, my most precious."
He kissed me I think as gently as he could, picking me up slightly, but carefully. He held me like I was made of glass and put his tongue in my mouth. He smelled like power like my instincts screamed that the man in front of me was in charge. That he was Alpha and it turned me on.
###chapter 78
*Mature*
A/N: there WAS going to be a Layer ###chapter where I would go in depth on the Layers of Sex and Sloth, but I won't publish it unless y'all want to see. I was inspired by stuff like Donte's Inferno since before the Beginning of this series. but this was more fun.  Anyway, enjoy!
Willow
I knew by the mate bond that he'd never cheat that wasn't it. I just didn't like that he thought to hide things. I was a little over it, but at the same time a little bit not "I want to be included. It doesn't matter; stress is natural." I said truthfully.
We shared a tender kiss that made my shoulders relax The tenseness I had was melted away, and I accepted his attempts at apologizing. I knew I wasn't overreacting, nor did he deny my feelings He loved me fully, and when I pulled away, Kaizen pressed his forehead to mine. I was told only the closest of wolves did this He was showing that he loved me his way.
"I didn't want you to worry All you've done is hold fear in your heart from everything. I didn't want to add to it." He said quietly. "You have every right to be angry with me."
"I'm not, but just." I huffed. I didn't want to ruin our time; he'd already done all this 
"We don't have to do anything." He said huskily. "If you want to go back downstairs-"  I cut him off.
I was more horny now than anything. The desire grew as he held me like this
"I know we don't, but I need this." I hugged his chest, and reached down. I trailed down his abs slowly to the rim of his boxers I hesitated but I reached in. I held it in my hands... I felt it pulse and grow before I even began to pump it Kaizen felt like a toilet paper tube I didn't need a toy; I was standing in front of it.
He hissed in pleasure Damn he was so big How has he ever fit inside me?  I slowly pumped it, enough to make him slowly rock his hips to the motion. He got hard in my hand, having his eyes closed as the tingles danced on firmly clasped fingers. Those electric tingles, traveled down my hand to my core
I moaned quietly, as silently as I could.
"Willow." He warned. 
It didn't matter, because I didn't care
"What are you doing?" He asked.
I didn't know I was following my feelings 
We were both stressed and aroused I slowly kneeled down... I unbuckled the belt to his jeans and slid down his boxers. He was hard as a brick  I also tied my hair into a ponytail with a stray lock of hair
"This." I put it in my mouth and licked the tip.
"Ah!" He said flexing his claws. "What Are You Doing?" He asked again, panicking.
"What *I* want." I said with a growl. "Close the door..." I demanded.
".. Yes Ma'am." He said closing the door by zapping it with his powers, and I could hear the chuckles.
It made me blush, but I started this, well my body did but damn it all I was getting wet. I could only fit a little of it in my mouth, but I licked his head before sucking it. He snarled like I'd never heard before I could feel the pulse of it in my mouth each swirl, since I was making it up as I went.
"Willow." He grunted. 
I licked harder. I sucked his cock, and bobbed my head so I could put more of him in my mouth. I could now fit only half of such a wide, lengthy member, and he moaned loudly. I looked up to see his head was thrown back, and he put his left hand on top of my hair to adjust my speed. He grabbed my ponytail and gently tugged that made me wet too.
I was going too fast. He wanted to savor this and take his time, while I was getting wet with the idea of this enormous monster in me I wanted this more than when I was in the full throw of heat I put his balls in my hand and massaged them while I sucked it hard, and he reached to grip anything other than me. He broke the end table, and promptly got me to stop.
He throbbed as his testicles contracted in pleasure, but he didn't cum. He was just enjoying himself like I wanted I wanted him to beg for it. I wanted him to fuck me like he did when I was in heat I wanted to be ravaged like he was a hungry, wild animal and I was a rabbit
"Fuck." He chuckled. "What happened to my little mate?"
He put me on the bed, and pulled off my pants. He kneeled, being so tall that even stooped, he could reach without an issue. He licked me from my entrance to my button, and swirled his tongue around when he got to the top.
He sucked my button, and I screamed. "Kaizen!" I shouted.
"If you want the beast, you'll have it." He snickered, holding a sinister smile that showed he was up to no good himself.
My mate only chuckled, knowing that every touch was amplified 10-fold by the bond. Each touch, we both moaned, feeling the intense pleasure and want being given and taken through our connection
"I want you Kaizen. I want you right now." I moaned.
"I thought you wanted me to *beg* for it." He chuckled.
I smiled. "You're not playing fair." 
"Why should I?" He grinned.
Without another word I was grabbed by the leg. As he stood, I was pulled swiftly to him, and he grabbed his fully erect member, and massaged around my entrance with the head of it. He ran it from my button to my entrance and slowly entered me.
He held my hips, hesitating a moment. He was so large, sometimes I forgot he had to wait "I'm going slow and steady." He said flexing his claws. It wasn't much, just enough to let me know he was Alpha, and his say was final. But not if I could help it
He was slow, but forceful with his thrusts. Each one hit the wall of my core, while he grunted in pleasure, half growling. It felt so good The feel of it in me filling me to the brim, having it almost exit I had my eyes squeezed shut, humming each impact, feeling like I was being ridden it felt so good. I needed more. He slipped in and out of me since I was so wanting 
"Harder." I said with a yearning whine. I didn't hold back either. I was depraved.
"I should be gentle." He countered, but he did go a little harder.
"You won't hurt me." I said with a real growl.
"You feel so fucking good" He said going harder like I'd asked. He slammed into me, putting my legs up on his shoulders like I wanted. He didn't pick me up this time, but he made up for it by ramming me with the force of a bull in rutt...
"Yes!" I yelled, gripping the sheets with all the force I could.
The bed rocked with his force, sliding across the room until it was wedged between the broken night stand and the wall... It hit the wardrobe, and the banging was probably heard downstairs
He hit my button with every slap, and I began to climb the mountain again. He was so wild and ravenous, yet at the same time I knew he was showing restraint.
"Harder. Harder please." I moaned.
He picked me up by the hips and I could feel the contractions of my entrance. He drilled me so hard, that I came with an explosion. I screamed in pleasure, and it was what he needed to become erratic before he pulsed as well. He came into me with a snarl, pumping me full, and when he pulled out, two or three pumps still exited.
"We have to stop or we're going to have an actual litter." He panted.
We both laughed.
"If we do, we have more than enough toys, clothes, and bottles for a while." I said being helped up. He had to carry me to the shower, but he had no issue with it. He kissed me roughly the whole walk, and when he turned on the shower, he put me down so we could share a kiss in the steam.
His grumbled growls knocked the shampoo over, but neither of us cared. "I don't know why, but I want to mark you again." 
"If you did right now, we're fucking." I warned.
He hummed as he didn't hesitate to mark me he was still hard. He obviously didn't mind, and I didn't either To be fair, this was kind of our first sort of fight but this wasn't 'sort of' sex. 

###chapter 79
A/N: I'm still stalling. Enjoy lol. I'm serious about the forbidden ###chapter. I feel like we all have vivid imaginations here . I don't think I'll post it. But fuck it was a really fun train of ideas. Long story short, Since Kaizen is a general, he gets to traverse the different Layers unhindered. 
Kaizen
The smell of fresh food woke me up it was only midnight, but I took this time to go ahead and get up ugh.
My mate lay sleeping. With her out like a light, I went downstairs. It was just the Bird King, holding the fire mage he tasked with crystal ball reading in the living room. The poor girl was spent in his arms, though they did not smell of sex. 
That was odd for someone like him. 
He was a bachelor through and through I remember Xaxas used to complain about him breeding with 10 to 15 mortals in one night, male and female, coming to work reeking of wine and fornication.
Eternya didn't have a defined sexuality like people do today. Sex was pleasure for him. That was about it. Jerold, I think was like that as well. Ancient peoples, some of them, were loose on sexuality. They didn't have the concept of homo or heterosexuality. You just had fun, but you also had a wife to keep your bloodline flowing. Powerful men had vast harams, some of witch were for just the entertainment of watching concubines breed, not mating with them themselves Basically for porn before the internet.
His grin though told me that he heard me and Willow's 'conversation'. 
"That was an Awful amount of noise for *just* talking." Hummed Eternya.
"Oh whatever." I grumbled. 
He had the fire mage in his lap a little closer. He was lent to me, so he was kind of my responsibility Fire witches worshiped his father so It could be that she was a fan, but it was more than likely that she wanted to offer herself to him. I'd confront him about it. I didn't want him to start thinking it was alright to fuck the whole town He probably could over a few days too
"So what is this?" I asked with crossed arms. I motioned the mortal.
"She's- I" He paused. "I I don't know my lord." He said with a frown.  
"It's unlike you to be confused." I said sitting in a chair adjacent of him. 
"I don't mind just keeping her around, sex or not." He said seriously. "Since I was ordered to 'keep it in my pants' I grow fond of *just* this one. Other mortals don't interest me My gaze does not wonder."
He held her still, looking down at the little witch. She was younger than me by about 2 decades or so by scentprobably in her 70 or 80's. She was also objectively pretty. Her fiery red hair and gentle features likely attracted the Bird King's attention, but her mannerisms softened his heart.
I looked her up in my phone. There weren't many fire witches here. She's in the MoonPack System; everyone in town's entered in here since they're my pack. Elinore Flambrand was banished from her people after she refused to take the position of cursed artifact keeper. So she wasn't a bad witch or anything, at least not on paper but it never hurt to check.
"Are you dating?" I asked.
"I've never dated anyone." He said knowing what the concept was.
"If you choose to marry, I won't mind." I said firmly.
He was quiet a moment.
"My children make too much trouble for the crown master and I don't want any more. That isn't fair to a childless mortal so young." He bowed his head. "If I could just-" I cut him off.
"Eternya, I doubt with you in their life that they'd be a problem." I said firmly.
"I made fig bars to go with the roast beef." Said Flora. "Father, you're Still here? I thought Elinore went home." She said shaking her head.
". I guess time slipped through my feathers." He said looking at the fire mage. 
"Lord Kaizen, I humbly ask you to allow my father to marry this woman." She bowed.
"You don't have to ask that." Said Eternya. He looked a little touched she'd do that, and to be fair, I think it was likely the first time I saw her be nice to him.
"I already did." I said getting up. "If you're really this bothered Eternya, ask my uncle. Eagles mate for life if I remember right." I said leaving.
I saw him basically be distraught, but I could understand. He was the 7th General of the Realm King. Eternya was a giant whore, enjoying parties that lasted for weeks on end during the old times, and in the new as well until his eldest daughter was discovered. And also, a traitor.
Flora was a rebel, and only breathed because she vowed He didn't want a repeat, but I doubted that would happen. He'd probably be a good father if he knew about his children, and settled down with ONE woman
"Your highness, I have fresh beef prepared for you." Said Flora. She pulled out the roasted meat out the oven. It was still warm. Carrots and potatoes were in there to soak up the fat and juices 
"You didn't have to do that, but I know there aren't any leftovers from dinner." I said attempting to be as neutral about it as possible. Flora was marked by the Horned One for her children; and I could hear her intentions. She was buttering a wolf up with fresh meat
Well The way it tasted I could see how dogs became a thing. 
"Young master, Sentinel texted that if you don't come to his summons, that he's coming here." Said Eternya. 
"I already intended to do that. I have to settle a few things." I said opening the door and becoming lightning.
At least with Eternya there, I didn't mind being a few moments away from Willow
"I was waiting for you." Growled Sentinel.
"I know. I got caught up in other affairs." I said going in. His father was there, looking sternly at me along with Uriel's wife, Titafia. They were full angels They knew. 
"I'll cut to the chase. This was Contradiction's resting place. We can't deal with the corruption alone down there." Grumbled Tamriel.
"Why do you have to be such a dick about it though?" I complained.
"Because we'd be done and home by now." He growled.
"Is your apartment in Haven that wonderful?" I took point, and we started walking down the stairs.
He said nothing to my rebuttal. His wife was down here, turned, but here on Urth. Everything and everyone he held dear lived in this town Titafia I had no idea about. There was no need for an angel from a different ###chapter to be here, unless she was watching Tamriel. 
It would be to make sure his loyalties were Above, not here. They were likely too late for that.
"The energy of this place needs to be drained of both properties before the land is stable. This wound, unlike others, actually hurts Lia. It is a thorn in her side So we must remove it, not squabble." Said Titafia.
"Yeah, before I'm severed in twain for an investigation of where my loyalties are " He grumbled. 
"It's only right. With Contradiction gone, there is no need for you to remain." She said firmly.
 I knew I shouldn't have. He is the enemy, but he does aid me. "You forget I am the Horned One's 1st General." I flexed my aura a moment. It was greater than hers. "It 'sonly natural that he wish to protect at Least his son and the mortals above."
We managed to convert a few layers of the dungeons into proper living quarters. It won't be done until next month, but when it is, they'll have their own homes, magical demi realm to wonder, and basically if they never left the security station, they'd never know. They'd have about 20 acres to roam when it was done.
"The Lord asks much of his soldiers, but had you followed instructions like I did, your wife would have been a unicorn, and your children would be fully pure. Pure, And unchangeable by the Night's evil touch." She hissed.
"You go to far." I growled.
"Forgive me. I forget I must work with demonic entities to solve this issue." She said looking at me with a small smile. It seemed as if the apology was genuine.
"You're too self-righteous for my taste. It does not matter so long as they serve." I said firmly.
"I didn't think I'd be defended by a General of Hell" Tamriel asked.
"All Hell's army is in my palm. I may summon whom I please, even the Layer Lords. I have no qualms about doing it either." I said sternly.
"A mighty burden But since you have not done such a thing, you're honorable enough." Tamriel said stoically.
All the while, his son said nothing. 
Sentinel did not fit within the ranks of Haven, nor the humans of Urth, but he still tried to keep the peace. That was good enough for me. We walked deeper into long tunnels and corridors that went further still About 15 stories below ground. 
I could see the bed where Contradiction must have slept  It was covered in slime, and stunk of rotted fruit. The decayed, sweet smell made flies and gnats while worms that ate dirt writhed in the stone, eating it as if it were soft earth. The torches here let off coldness, however, it was actually kind of steamy and hot in here.
It was damp, yet the water didn't wet my clothes. It was cold, yet I sweat from the unnatural temperature. There were other cells down here, but the corpses of them were stuck in permanent horror. He'd ate them, soul and all I assume it's why humans originally couldn't stay here. 
If normal supernatural monsters didn't devour them, Contradiction did.
"I fed him to keep him quiet." Said Sentinel. "The witches maintained the barrier."
"We will draw the holy energy, you absorb the hellish." Said Tamriel. "You did what you could son." 
"I wish to investigate the victims closer." Said Titafia.
"I do too." I mumbled.
They were of all status, and walks of life. Some were farmed, but they held fewer signs of decay. He probably found them bland.
The stone walls sweat as the stench of holy magic was replaced with only sulfur. The angels chanted something in Latin, knowing some spell to take it from this place. I just held out my hand and absorbed the demonic energy
It gave me a vision. 
Inside the basement of a grand cathedral, in Rome, Contradiction was born but it was not a joyous one. He was born with four arms and multi splotched skin His mother was human. She only knew she laid with Arviel, not that this particular demigod would be strange. A babe born with teeth, needing meat
She held her baby when he was delivered and she lamented, crying bitter tears.
"What is that thing?!" Said someone in old-style priest's robes I saw this through Contradiction's infant eyes It was his mother rejecting him, but she didn't willingly hand him over. 
"Lord what did I do to receive this creature?" she said as she hugged him. "Yet he is still my son I was a virgin when he took me He could still-" She was cut off. Men did not value women's words.
"It holds the Lord's mark but it's deformed and distorted. She must be a Witch!" Pointed a priest. 
"Your harlot ways must have tarnished the Lords blessed child!" Accused one.
"Witch!" Screamed another.
Snatching the boy out her arms, they took him and covered her in holy oil,  He watched his mother be burned alive while being taken away He was placed in a cage in the church then moved here, in stasis forever shunned and feared He didn't even get a name.
###chapter 80
Willow
"Crap, it's already 10!" I shouted, looking at my phone. I took a quick shower and threw on a long, blue dress since it would fit over my bump.
I went downstairs for a cup of juice and something to eat tooKaizen was gone, but this time he left a text. 
They were cleaning out the dungeon that held Contradiction. They also prepped the grounds to be blessed and ready to make a small living area for the humans. I was fine with that. Communication was what I wanted.
 Eternya had the fire witch sleeping in his lap, the one he used to watch the fight with Contradiction.
"Shouldn't you. Like not be doing that?" I asked looking at him suspiciously.
"She showed me the happenings of this world until she passed out. Elinore is a good girl." He petted her hair 
"Father, as I said, why don't you marry her?" Said Flora. 
She was making stir fried beef with leftovers  She fixed breakfast for her sons, and now me. They ate on the couch, while I was served at the dining table.
"Everyone would be against that. I don't want more children, and I cannot do that to a mortal. It isn't fair. She's only 76 for fuck's sake."
"Did you ask?" I asked.
"No. All I'll do is break her heart, or worse, throw another bastard on her. I wonder what that daughter will do. All of them end up as rebels." He said it as a joke, but I could tell he was clearly pissed off at himself. 
". Did you ever stop to think that this time, you'll be there for your child?" Said Flora. "You didn't know about me, but I know you might have asked to raise me at least."
"I would have." He said firmly. "The master probably would have ordered you beheaded, or given away as a concubine to punish meI would have no choice but to oblige. And now, my reputation is tarnished.."
"I'm sure Xaxas nor Kaizen would stop you from getting married. That's different It isn't a fling if that's your wife, and your children won't be bastards." Said Flora. "I have my husband, yet you did not kill him like I thought you would"
"I wouldn't kill my daughter's lover because he is a half beast. I reserve that for if he was anything like me." He smiled as he said that, but I knew he was serious. "Times are different Maybe he might allow us to settle down." He said holding her close. "At any moment, I could be ordered to fly into battle, and leave her behind. At any moment, on a whim of my master, he may order me to snap her neck as he did with Eskaal But his betrothed was a potential traitorHe didn't wait to investigate her either. But I know Elinore would pose no threat to the mistress"
"I have his number; I'll just call." I said getting my phone out.
Xaxas appeared in person, sitting in front of me.
"Ah!" I yelled.
He chuckled.
"I didn't even press call yet!" I complained.
"Too bad. If you don't want me summoned, don't summon me. What's up kiddo?" He asked, ruffling my hair. "Having aches and pains yet?"
"No I actually wanted to ask about Eternya." I said sheepishly. 
"Is he not falling in line?" He asked with a glare. "I've seen your flirting with the mortal there."
"No I was asking if he'd have permission to marry that witch." I said seeing Eternya turn white. 
"No." Said Xaxas firmly. "He does not need distractions at such a critical time."
"He can do his job And have a wife. If anything, it'll give him a greater investment to stay." I said just as firm.
He leaned back in the dining chair, and glared at me. "I do not repeat myself."
"Then don't." I countered. 
I attracted a lot of attention. I could smell fear from any who heard me.
"This Isn't a fling, right?" He demanded.
"No master. I haven't known her long, but she would make a good wife. If you wish I mate another firebird, I will." Eternya said this standing, but before he could bow, Xaxas interfered.
He snapped his fingers, and Elinore was in front of him, awake. She was disoriented a moment  She kneeled immediately on seeing Xaxas, looking confused about the location change. in front of a disgruntled King the Realm King.
"Master. She is a good person." Said Eternya. "I formally vouch for her."
He was ignored.
"Elinore, what do you feel for Eternya, the son of your master mortal?" Said Xaxas firmly. His gaze could cut steel, and I felt bad for her. Xaxas was served wine and ate roasted, stir fried beef at the table, waiting for her to speak. I could only assume that as she stood there mortified, she was gathering her words.
"At first, I only saw him as my master's sonSome hot, yet unapproachable, unobtainable man I should kneel to, no pun intended I did as he asked but now when he looks at me, his gaze is soft It makes me feel fuzzy. I've not had a real relationship, as I was promised to Lord Ignis of Fire Obsidian coven." Elinore said looking down. 
"Is that why you ran away?" Asked Xaxas. I know he knew, but he wanted her to say it
"Yes master, because the task he gave instead was cruel. When I was rejected back informally, in anger, he wanted me to keep watch of the cursed objects we store, The Volcano's Rage Amulet. That one in particular steals your youth, and ages you like a human the more you're around them but we do not die Those who keep them become strong for a short time, then old and ugly like hags The last keeper was found dead, looking so decrepit her mother didn't recognize her" 
"Is that why as a fire mage, you hold burn marks on your back, chest, and legs?" Asked Xaxas. She wore clothes over marks like that, but I could only guess he could sense that or something.
"I did not know this I never thought- Where is he?" Demanded Eternya, but the hand of Xaxas made him silent. She looked self-conscious to admit it.
"The hex burns are from my rejection, but should he have accepted it with grace, this would not have been. He did this to mar me" She said looking down. "He holds the same mark on his face and hands." She hissed. "It's what he gets for being a petty, spoiled child. He won't even formally break the engagement on his end out of spite." 
"Deals are deals, but I say he broke it when he shed your blood. Husbands ought not lay hands on their betrothed, rejected or not. I'm sure your father renounced the engagement on seeing this, and if he doesn't he will." Said Xaxas. 
"She is not marred to me to me she is Elinore, the young, small woman who likes Tv dramas as much as I do." He said firmly.
"Then go with your bride. I was against it at first because the concept of you changing was so absurd, that I dismissed it entirely." Said Xaxas. "By my authority, you are now married should you both accept."
"I accept." Said Elinore.
"I do as well." Said Eternya.
"Then it's settled. I'm very curious to see how this will turn out." He said sipping the wine casually. "This is a nice port." 
"May I take the life of Lord Ignis?" Asked Eternya. 
"I don't rightly care." Said Xaxas casually. "Ignis has not pursued you mortal, thus this also deems it in my mind that he does not want you. He has not claimed you in any way other than harming you. I think it fair he reaps the wrath of your husband. I'll text Zytherian to tell him this." Said the Lord of Judgment. "I'm not picking favorites either. What man would I be to force a victim to be with their abuser?"
He said that looking at Elinore, who I could only assume was afraid he'd say that. To be fair I was too a little 
"Come Willow. I came to kidnap you." Xaxas said standing up and stretching. "No, it isn't negotiable. Yes, I texted Kaizen."
With the blink of an eye, I was surrounded by happy bubbly werewolves. What pack, or where I was, I had no idea, but it seemed all his family was here. I had to fight the nausea of teleportation 
"Finally, everyone's here!" Yelled Isabelle. "Welcome to BeastMoon! Surprise!"
She hugged me tight, and I felt how loved I was. It was nice to see her, along with Harmony,, Nixxia, and Samira. 
" I'll be outside with the other men." Said Xaxas. 
"What are you going to name them?! I heard you're having twins." Said Samira.
"I don't know, but I was thinking about something in wolf?" I said more as a question. I wanted to give them strong names that they could be proud of. Or an old one. Many of the people I've met had older names because they were from a different time 
"OH! Like what?!" Shouted Isabelle. "I can't wait to be a flippin' grandma And play with Puppies Again!"
"And a uni-puppy." Giggled Samira as a joke.
"And a dragon-pup." Said Grace. She came in the living room while Aureus had gifts for me and Samira. "The key to all of them getting along will be forging a strong littermate bond." She said firmly. 
"They can have playdates and we could visit on the weekends." I said thinking out loud. I was looking forward to having my children now that their fates were changed. I had no doubt in my mind that if Kaizen didn't make that wish, that we would have issues later on.
###chapter 81
Kaizen
The Horned One sat on his throne, and I kneeled before him.
"I come to your summons, and humbly ask to be wielded." I said with my head low. He sat next to the Moon Goddess, who looked concerned, but she shouldn't be.
This was the arrangement I wished for This was the arrangement I got. I think it was more that she didn't wish to see us be men, nor women. Unfortunately, no child will stay one.
"The wicked may remain, but the disobedient, bring to me." He said sternly. "The first sanctuary was made, yet, I am not satisfied with my children." He said this referring to likely his followers.
"Is it a cult?" I asked standing. 
"Actually, for once no. Tyson handles that part of it. This particular mortal is a necromancer. He figured out how to gain immortality, and neither I, nor Arviel deem him worthy." He sneered. 
With the snap of his fingers, a black vellum scroll was placed in my hand One to 5 stars were by each name. There were Many. The occupation and location had a Hutch of West Vally on the top He had all 5 stars by his name. It meant that this necromancer was important, and worse still disobedient.
His unnatural rot, unlike ghouls or other undead, was more of a problem His powers took from the land to the point to where the already weakened Lia grew sick from his presence. Before, grandfather wouldn't care now he does. 
Those who do not know him, tend to forget that despite his passive, even friendly nature at times, he is still the King of Punishment, Pain, and Torment.
"I have all I need. I will finish this list." I said about to leave, but he raised his left hand. Grandmother's hand on his right made him kiss her on the top of the head.
"My butterfly is right. Your wife is nearly 6 months with child. It would not be wise to bury yourself in such a large workload." He said resting his knuckles on his cheek. "Those bounties should be done greatest to least. There is no time limit. Once your children are born, you may have light training and paid paternity leave, until your little ones can defend themselves. I think 7 should be fine enough of an age. Eternya is there."
I bowed my head. I forgot I was being paid too. 5 thousand gold every new moon.
"Then for now, I shall at least stop the rotting wound. It will fester." I said rising up.
He grinned. "Show no mercy. Show this world, and that *Fool* I mean to keep my end of this bargain, as I always have been, as I always will. To the letter."
"Mercy is for the penitent." I said leaving as a bolt of lightning. 
I essentially used hell to jump to nearly the other side of the world. This man was in the catacombs of Paris Deep underground, so deep that I don't even think the humans knew there were more levels to their man made tunnels.
Almost a mile below the surface. The carved stone when Down into the depths of the earth, poisoning the land, undenounced to the mortals.
Stone slowly turned to books many Spells, scrolls, failed experiments of curious tourists, or locals who lost their way So much death
So much 
This was why everyone wanted peace
The twisted melted bone was contorted into a symphony of silent screams. Terror racked across their skeletal faces, with jaws so unhinged it made me wonder did he do this, or were they in that much agony as they died.
This was the true horror of what Arviel provoked I could hear the moans of spirits so decrepit that out of mercy, I will catch this place ablaze, so that the attention may attract the Reaper.
There were so many skeletons that I could not tell what was fresh, and what was old...  The dampness of this dim place melted the old into the new. I could hear the permanent silent screams of the dead now, and the stray souls of the innocent unable to leave until they received reaping, or revenge
They scratched the walls, trying to escape, to run from me, as I was my true height. They feared my horns They skittered like rats on seeing the candle's flame between them.
"You cannot do this for yourself little souls. I will do it for you." I said looking directly at one of them. They disappeared into the bookshelf.
Electricity sparked off my chest with every step, and the undead mage could feel my presence. I could tell he was feeing.
"Come out mage! You will atone for your crimes." I sneered. I stepped on a leg bone so degraded that it was slime under my boots
That smell won't come out
Nohrohkahn, the Death Breather, formally the mortal man named Hutch of West Vally stood in front of an alter made of bone and flesh, though that wasn't his true body Many hands were woven together, still with fresh preserved flesh on them to hold a book made of likely man's skin. The bones were more of accents, having skeletal hand candle holders.
In it held the secret of immortal life for mortals. I already knew what he'd done, but the world won't. That was my true mission
I heard ominous demonic chanting as I went deeper down one more flight of stairs.
The books in his grand library here were preserved with magic, but the old dusty tomes were to be burned. The possessed mortal wrote all this knowledge by hand in a language he likely didn't know. But as I searched the still halls, I could see the spirits of past meals more clearly.
It seemed he ate these mortals in parts... Some missed faces some hands or legs... He preserved himself by taking the parts he needed from the innocent, blue mortal souls. The rot here was an afront to nature, unlike other forms of undeath, because this world was meant to have itBut not this
There were so many. 
"The master's blood enters." Said a disembodied voice.
"Come out and die so I can go home." I growled.
"I do no wrong." Said the possessed human. His skin was black, as it was rotted and he was contorted into an impossibly uncomfortable position. His legs were crossed, though so much so that his hip looked dislocated.
"Your actions break Sanctuary's Code. You break the agreement necromancer." I growled. "Give me a reason why I shouldn't rip your spine out and shove it down your throat?"
"I do the master's work He just does not see it!" He rasped. "Death is the end for most, yet, I was meant to make more aberrations like myself. The Cult promised that if I opened the way, they would bring the war. Balance to this world. It was always meant to be in a constant state of strife."
"Yet now it is Sanctuary. This world is the Light's wife. The Horned One ordered all activity end. Even if you Do manage to summon demons, they are already ordered to remain passive by the master himself. It's over. Drop the book."
"This mortal body's brain is damaged I can't understand this Why would the master agree to peace?!" He screamed.
It was then that he turned hostile, and I had to fight another abominable creature It suffered being an embodiment of Undeath. It cannot die, only spread its influence across the world. It's why he was buried so deep, and no one checked on him until now because he was quiet.
He cannot live without a host, and I took his stupid heart and crushed it. It wouldn't have killed him if not for the electricity that exploded that body to bits all over me.
I was covered in melted flesh now stinking of demon and rot
He screamed.
"Stay dead." I snarled.
His disembodied voice was followed to the jar that held his essence That clay jar was probably able to hold 100 gallons. It was his prison. Without a human to possess, he could not interact with this world. In Hell, he'll be punished for his disobedience, but honestly. I just wanted fucking peace. I caught the place ablaze with my lightning.
"NO! MY WORK!" Screamed the voice.
"Silence Necromancer." I hissed.
I closed the book, and took the jar an idea formed.
I made my way to the castle of the Horned One, and he was beyond furious. There was no way I could allow him to remain on Urth.
"Give me that." Grandfather barked.
The Horned One stepped off his throne, and his anger could be tasted.
He smashed the pot, and strangled the necromancer. He was a slimy undead, green skeleton. His tattered robes were covered in goop; it's what gave him such a sickly color.
"You little Shit!!" The Horned One threw him to the ground, and broke his back when the necromancer tried to run away.
"The Humans-" The Death Breather was cut off.
"Don't. Blame. Anyone. You know what you were doing. They will not be your excuse. Take him to my personal punishment chamber." He commanded to no one in particular, and demons put him in a cage to cart away. "Great I broke his jar too." He snapped his fingers, and it was whole. 
"I'll take my leave." I bowed. 
"Go be with your family." He waved his hand, and I was home.
I didn't say anything to anyone when I appeared in the living room. I just went upstairs and took a long, hot shower. I don't feel heat much, but it was nice. My nights were filled with battle now But I didn't keep it from Willow. If she wanted to know, I left letters to sum up each task given to me by grandfather. That was fair.
###chapter 82
Willow
This was it the moon would be full tonight, but I was still working. I was still figuring out the MoonPack system, on the phone with Tyson.
"Sorry to bother you about this." He said typing on his computer. "If it wasn't important, I wouldn't have asked."
"No, the pack's registration is important." I mumbled fumbling around in the menu Damn it. Where was it? The pack had everyone labeled as wanted Rogues, meaning that anyone from here who was on vacation could have trouble.
"Give me access to your screen. Click ok." He said with a sigh.
I did so, and the cursor zipped across the screen and clicked the Pack File. "Were you putting people in here?" He asked.
"I thought that's where they went." I said sheepishly.
"The 'R' stands for Rogue." He said a little frustrated. "Is Kaizen still out? He should be back."
"He's obsessed with crossing out the last person on his scroll." I mumbled.
"Shit. We were supposed to contain the Ragnorock Cult together." He complained. "For him to speak so highly of *not* being a king and not *having to do anything*, he sure takes it upon himself to save the world all night." He said as his chair creaked. "Anyway. I have to get back to Dr. Sampson. He said when he's done here, he's headed your way." 
Shit
"I'll head out to the hospital after-" I was cut off.
"No buts. Rest. You'll need it." He warned.
"How's your baby?" I asked.
"Asleep with Samira." He said as if he were smiling. "I won't spoil it though; you'll have to see him when you're able to visit."
He hung up before I protested.
"My lady I ask that you retire." Said Elinore. She happily smiled, but I wanted to help. This was my mistake, and Tyson was taking time away from his wife and child to help. 
I don't think I'd ever had so much energy
"I'll be fine. Valery said that births don't usually start until sundown." I smiled. "Plus, the Least I can do is fix this so no one's out there, registered as a rogue."
Elinore was pretty much married to Eternya on the spot It doesn't get anymore paired than the Realm King's decree. To be fair, I still felt a need to apologize for being a little rude to him on Eternya's behalf. I just didn't like the idea that he was blocked from having a family because of his past.
If it was his doing, if he was the traitor, I wouldn't have batted an eyelash, but no one should be punished for what their children choose.
"The border is secure mistress." Said Eternya, looking steeled He wasn't his flamboyant self today. Today was business, as his job is to protect me even if Elinore were to be in danger.
I hated that too
"Your protection is, and always will be priority over anyone else's needs." Eternya said, hearing me. "With the Master's blood out, until he returns, I am bound to behave as if I were your last defense." 
"Then, I guess we should-" before I could finish, my legs felt wet. Damn. I didn't even have a contraction or anything.
"What the hell is all that?! Shouted Eternya. "Is it going to pop out of you?! I'm not ready for that!"
"No my water broke. It means the babies are ready." I said shaking my head.
"I'm not ready for that either! Can you hold them in until we get to the hospital?!" He screamed, pulling his hair He was a warrior. Not a doctor.
"I got her care bag." Said Valery. I didn't know she was even downstairs, but it seemed everyone prepped for when I would have them.
I changed into a purple maternity dress, but it was then that I actually felt the pain of this. I was stopped in my tracks. Each one was like I was being hit by a truck. They were close too, way too close.
I put my hand against the wall... it felt like I was being clawed open from the inside Holy shit. There was a pulse to it, as if they were trying to escape. If they were, I wished they'd be a little patient I felt a little dizzy. I swayed a little, but the Bird King was close, keeping me from actually falling.
"I smell blood." Said Eternya. He picked me up and carried me to Flora's Nissan. "You're bleeding."
"That's natural." I said with a wince.
"Not that much." He pointed I felt my seat was wet That was too much blood  
Pack patrol escorted us to the small clinic, and inside, the Horned One was already there, in his doctor's office. I bled so much that it pooled on Eternya's arms before it dripped down the hall when he carried me again  It hurt. I began to feel drowsy
The Horned One's glare told me that he didn't do this to me . "Place her in Room 4, good thing I thought to bring kitsune blood with me." He said matter of fact. "Leave the room so I can speak with my patient." He said firmly.
He summoned a syringe. "This is for pain. I don't want to use magic on you at the moment."
"Of course sir." I said a little bit worried 
"I can't do that Dr. Sampson." Said Eternya. "I am bound by the word of my master, that I keep watch over her." He said firmly.
The Horned One looked Beyond pissed, likely debating on breaking character. "Then Child of Apolis, you shall help." He decreed. "I think I should give her a cesarean; the left baby is turned 'round the wrong way, and his claws gutted her pretty good."
He kind of broke character by just knowing that, not doing an X-ray, ultrasound, or anything, but I was grateful. If he knew what was wrong, he likely knew how to fix this
"Are they going to be ok?" I still asked.
"Of course. I'm the best there is." He smiled.
He washed his hands, and I was put on a surgical table. Nurses prepped my body to be cut. Now I was scared I would be awake during this Eternya looked a little pale, and none of the women were allowed in the room. It was already full of assistants and nurses.
"Where's Kaizen?" He asked suddenly. The Horned One's eyes for a moment were completely void black, and he growled. "Where's the father?" 
"He's out on a mission." Said Eternya. He looked suspicious, but with all the chaos of this I doubt he'd realize.
"I'll skin him alive if he misses this. Get her IV started." He barked at no one in particular, and he left the room.
"What was that about?" Asked Valery from the other side of the door. She still wasn't permitted in, but to be fair I really did just want my mate.
Before I could say anything, he came back in full scrubs, fresh for the procedure. "I think it best you engage Herculian, Eternya. I'm not in the mood to fucking play with Arviel's people." He hissed.
----Kaizen----
I fucked up coming alone, but now that I was here, I had no choice but to finish this. 300 were already slain, but their leader dodged me. They attempted to summon a portal that would bring the raw energy of the sun right down on the planet. 
It would vaporize everything if they succeeded. The power of the sun is shielded by the void. It forces that kind of energy to lose its potency before it touches the ground The Goddess of Air makes the atmosphere. They figured out how to bypass her magic, making one portal to gather unfiltered solar power, and the other to beam it down.
If I'd waited, they would have succeeded.
"You were warned Rodney." I snarled. I'd lit fires throughout the mansion, but now he'd fled into a cellar. The tunnel that led below the ground was open. A bookshelf was its door, but I didn't hesitate. I couldn't really take in what I was looking at. I just bolted through.
How the Fuck they learned magic like that didn't matter. What mattered was that I left none of them alive.
Their slippery leader was escaping by using tunnels and portals that eventually led to a room underground. I think we were in Los Vegos. I managed to barely jump through the red portals 
"Stay back!" he yelled. He wore red robes with the on scalesThose scales were Xaxas's symbol. They thought balance for this world was best if everything and everyone were dead. I could not allow that.
"Just Die Already!" I yelled. I missed.
I fucking missed with my lightning, when he was right in front of me. Frustration made me miss again.
I roared.
I crashed into the wall in front of him with my abilities, and I finally caught him. I pulled him apart by tearing him in half, but I could not savor this.
With the snap of my fingers, I couldn't believe I'd crossed out the last 3 star threat on my list. The rest were small fry. They could wait.
I felt like an idiot The living room was empty.
I linked Jack. /Where is everyone?/ 
/Hiding. I'm on the roof of the hospital. Luna's having birthing troubles, but Dr. Sampson is here. / he said this casually, as if he were confident in the doctor.
Shit.
I opened the door to see Eternya shifted in the air. I didn't understand eagle. It didn't matter what he said. He was doing his job but the town was being destroyed by whomever he was fighting Half the town was on fire from a single one of his attacks.
/Evacuate the town./ I linked every wolf here. I know that likely gave them a headache, but better they be woken up if they were asleep, than to die in it.
###chapter 83
A/N: You finally get to see why I rolled the double 60's on my dice in the first place. I still can't believe I rolled 60 twice. I should have filmed it. That's never happening again.
Willow 
Blood pooled off the table. I was so tired, yet I was not able to sleep. Every time I closed my eyes, it seemed that I was kept here by magic.
"Your right son cut his brother's cord, and the left one cut you open." Said the Horned One. He was elbow deep to try and save them. And I didn't feel anything, but I knew I would be sore after this. "And now Herculian fights Eternya, destroying your town. What a mess" He said shaking his head.
The boom of their fight could be heard. It shook the building with each blow, but I couldn't worry about anyone else. I only thought of my little ones.
"I Are they ok?" I asked, and he hummed.
"They'll be fine." He said passing something to a nurse. "The Left One is born First." He said as if it were law.  He passed another one. "There is the Right one."
"I'm here!" Shouted Kaizen, running to me. He kissed me on the forehead. "I'm so sorry." 
"I know you wouldn't have left if it wasn't important." I said weakly.
"It couldn't but everything else can now."
"Name your children." Said the Horned One with black eyes. "Had you missed this moment, you would have regretted it."
"The right one is Vexterios." Said Kaizen. "I means 'the right hand' or 'paw', in wolf."
". And the left one is Aristaeus. That means 'the left hand, I think." I said wanting to see my children, but I was denied that. They were being cleaned, but I could hear their cries in protest. 
"It does." Said Kaizen. "I think those are good names."
"I like it." Said the Horned One. "May they be blessed by the Lord Below, that they live healthy, joyous lives. That they have childhoods, and are not swept into the madness of old gods and petty plots. But with that said, I still need to close you up." He grinned.
"Thank you." I mumbled. I was finally able to sleep. I think he prevented me from dying.
"Don't thank me just yet." He pressed his thumb behind my right ear, and it forced me to shift on the table.
That hurt. The stretch of organs and the like to rearrange themselves made me wince. Even with medication, I could feel the sharpness of the incision he'd made to free my pups.
----Kaizen----
My mate was safe, and two beds were pushed together to fit her. I remember father told us about our harrowing birth when we were younger, but to be in the same shoes is a different story I couldn't focus on the doctor's words, but for her sake I tried.
"Now the annoying part." Said Dr. Sampson. "Her babes are fresh, and so are her wounds. It would not be good that I heal her unnaturally right now, as she needs to manually adjust to all I've done. It takes more energy to force life than to just let one die, and resurrect them later... But then there's the rot to contend with." He said thinking out loud. "Disregard this old man's rambling."
"I understand. With your skill comes knowledge I couldn't fathom." I said with a respectful bow. I questioned who, or rather what Dr. Sampson really was, since he spoke so casually of death as a mortal.
"All in a night's work." He said with a small smile. "Enjoy your babies." He left with a puff of black smoke.
He'd done all he was going to do He shaved and stitched up Willow as her kitsune, so she could shift back when she healed a bit
I don't think I will ever have more children. 
I don't think I could put her through such an ordeal again This pregnancy was so easy on her. She didn't get morning sickness, she didn't really show too much, and then this. One day, one moment their little claws just rip right through her Nurses were still cleaning the blood in the operating room She lost so much that they were still mopping the halls.
"They're ready to be held, my lord." Said a nurse. She seemed almost afraid to approach me, but I could understand why.
Eternya still fought Herculian, and the town around us burned, the people fled, and my mate lay sick on a hospital bed. And I was my true visage. I intimidated people on a good day, yet alone Now.
But my pups were healthy. They were both black as night, though I could tell them apart. I don't know how, but I just could They looked and smelled the same. Their little horn nubs were the same Their little black claws were razer sharp They reminded me of my baby photos, each fitting in my open hand. I cradled them close, and held my sons to my heart I was a father.
"They're perfect and probably hungry." I chuckled, stopping myself from being too sentimental.. Willow hummed happily in the rest Dr. Sampson placed on her. She'd done enough.
They drank from their mother, and a bloodied Eternya and Herculian came in together.
Eternya kneeled. "Forgive me master. He swore on his blood he meant no harm. I defeated him. He is no threat."
"I am duty bound to it I mean it. I really just want to see." He said with his eyes lit up like a small toddler asking to hold a kitten.
Herculian was not a bad person His timing though was terrible. 
All my instincts were for me to shift in this small room and rip him apart, but I wouldn't He left his weapons at the threshold of the door, and had both his hands on the tile while on his knees He kneeled to me fully. If he tried getting up to attack, he wouldn't be fast enough and he knew it.
"Not a step closer." I said showing my fangs. I wouldn't growl and wake them.
"Whether or not it's recognized, we're family. I wanted to-" I cut him off.
"We may be blood, but I cannot trust one who holds the Sun on his back shoulder." I said firmly. "And no, you may not pet them." 
"Fuck! Just a Little! Let me touch a bean." He complained, referring to their little paws. "I swear on my blood I won't do anything other than hold them."
"No." I said firmly. "But since you're here, you can look."
He took that, and sat cross legged on the floor. He was content with my order. I hadn't even called my father, yet the first of my family to see, was one of Arveil's line I picked up Aristaeus first, and he squeaked a bit, then Vexterios. "My sons. 4th General Aristaeus and 5th General Vexterios, The Horned Wolf, the Charred, Swift Ones." I said proudly.
"Good names and titles for those who drink milk." He chuckled. "The left and right hands good names indeed."
"Aye." I said firmly.
"Then let me be their godfather." He smiled. "That designation means I cannot be given a task to harm them you know this."
". You only allowed yourself to be defeated." I said more as truth than speculation.
"Aye." He smiled. "I didn't want to have a real fight out there" He was right too a real fight would have destroyed the town proper AND the clinic.
"Fine" I relented.
He squealed. "Now can I hold them?" He asked excitedly.
"Your father will be furious." I said letting him hold them. "You trade the Sun's favor for my children." 
"Don't care. Fluff." He said simply. "Also, father isn't as bad as you make him out to be. Now that there is peace, he wishes he could be down here and see them too."
He immediately touched their little closed ears once I handed them to him. He sat on the floor content, being his father's 2nd general.  And at least as strong as Uriel, being the Demigod of Strength. He petted them between the horns, and was very careful I half expected him to beg to take at minimum one twin home, not that I would let him.
Technically, and I mean technically, he was my great half-uncle. The Moon Goddess, though denounced, was still Arviel's daughter. 
Why is every pantheon filled with relatives?
"Diana is only 6 months along." He smiled. "She has 7 more to go. It takes Fae 13 moons to birth their little ones, but the trade off is that they are born as ready as a four-year old mortal. She told me it was like a defense mechanism. They can walk from the first day they draw breath."
"That's interesting I suppose they would still need milk half a year or so anyway though." I mumbled. If they didn't need milk, fae wouldn't have breasts.
"Aye. But I was in the area, running errands. The Cult of the Sun has been my task to handle a few months now."
"I've had to deal with something similar, the Cult of Ragnorock." I complained. "I got the last one right before the boys were born I almost missed it."
"I killed the last one of mine about 20, 30 miles from here? They were attracted to your passive energies I thought I'd stop by. I knew it was a full moon tonight, and I was hoping to show support, not walk in on already birthed pups." He said looking up. "I should have called.. sorry about your town. I will stop at nothing to fix this."
"Better a misunderstanding than us fighting right now." I said hesitantly touching Willow. Herculian gave her the pups, and she curled around them in her sleep. "I can't wait to train you little ones." He whispered. "I have so many swords, shields and clubs I can tell you now that they will be as capable as you."
They were demigods with my grandfather's mark 
"At least nobody died." Said my uncle Xaxas. "Herculian." He looked down on him as if he were dirt.
"Xaxas." He said casually. He'd had his way. He didn't care about any hostility. "I'm already the godfather." Herculian said proudly.
"WHAT?! KAIZEN YOU FUCKING TRAITOR!" He screamed. It woke my pups, who squeaked from the vibration.
"You're too late." He sang.
"SHH!" I hissed. "He got here first, and literally kneeled for it." I grinned. "Plus, I Already KNOW you whisked away Grace's pup." I snickered.
".and Asanguis has Tyson's. But I could have had it all if I were fast enough." He complained. "Why'd you all give birth about the same time anyway?! Take it Back." He commanded Herculian.
"No. Your side has all the fun, and I get to have puppies!" He beamed. "I already have playdates planned. My son and his little cousins will be as brothers." 
". It isn't fair." Huffed Xaxas. "I was This close." He pinched his fingers together.
"..Fix the town and maybe you can share the title of godfather." I said thinking fast.
"For the mortals' sakes, I agree to those terms." Said Herculian.
"Deal." He snapped his fingers. "There, now let me have my turn." He said petting Willow. "Unfortunately, I can't fix you." He said quietly. "I see why father left her in this state..."
"Will she be alright?" I asked.
"Just time." Said Xaxas. "About three months?" He said thinking out loud. "Four." He said firmly.
[Everybody is too loud.] she complained.
"Shhh" Said Xaxas. "Sleep" he mumbled.
He didn't pick the pups up, but instead he helped Willow. 
". Mortals are so frail" Xaxas mumbled.
"I think I'll head home before I'm missed" Said Herculian. "I feel like *all* of us, especially me, impose on your special moment."
"Go ahead." I said shaking my head. "With so many parties interested in my little ones I'm surprised more people aren't here." 
I shook wrists with Herculian, who left by becoming a beam of light once he left out the door. 
"Asanguis watches Samira, your father is with Grace. And I remain here for a time. Now that Herculian is gone, I will send for Harmony.  Eternya you did well." He said snapping his fingers, and his general was fully healed. "Rise Flaming One. Go be with your wife." 
Xaxas disappeared, but he wasn't gone. He was just out the way of this now private moment with my wife and children
They were so small... so frail. Willow was weak. Had I not had training for my instincts, I'd have lashed out at all who came near, whether or not they were trying to help.
###chapter 84
Willow
"Oh they stink!" Complained Kaizen. I was in the bathroom with the nurses, while he cleaned the first of many potty breaks "Come on guys, save that stuff for mama." He joked.
[Hey! No fair!] I barked in wolf I was surprised I could do that.
"But they're cute. You'll forgive them." He sang.
[.Don't abuse their power!] I giggled.
I was happier they were this way than babies puppies are cute Babies are cute Too but I think I felt like this because of what I was now. They had potty pads, thankfully, since we planned for if they didn't have forms yet 
Being born like this was hereditary, and he was a natural.
"My lady, I believe it's safe to shift now." Said the nurse. I'd been here overnight, and most of the wounds on my body were healed somewhat, but I was also incredibly sore
While the nurses helped me shift by encouraging me. I didn't shift much, so I was slow also the pain made me hesitate and wince. I was proud of myself. The scar across my belly was a thick line, but the stitches were supposed to stay on the skin until they disappeared on their own. 'Dr. Sampson' used dissolvable sutures, and marked my bellybutton like Kaizen's.
"He did such a good job." Said Nurse Una. She was a raven haired nine tailed fox It was her blood that was used for my blood transfusion. That and the Horned One gave me some he brought. Demon fox blood.
I didn't know the difference between the two, but apparently the combination was what I needed to have any energy. This also meant that if I needed it again, Kaizen would probably have to take a trip Below to save me
Gods it felt good though to get clean... I had to be careful with the stitches, but it was going to be fine. I knew how to take care of them, because Kaizen Doogled it to be sure. 
[My mistress if you need anything, the fox kin will aid you.] Said Una. She didn't say that in wolf, but I understood her.
"Fox dialect is so high pitched." Complained another nurse, who was a werewolf. "Una you have to teach me sometime."
The werewolf was a nurse practitioner. She was the leader of the entire nurse unit, and saw to me personally. No one told her to do this, she volunteered to come in on her day off with Una.
"I don't know if you'll be able to? But I'll try." She giggled. "I mean I can speak bear, and theirs is so low pitch. Hmm"
We all paused a moment to think on it. Maybe it was possible.
". But regardless, I'd love to learn eagle." Giggled the werewolf. She joked about Eternya, but I know he heard.
"I'm married now ladies." He chuckled, and they all huffed.
"We only want a ride my lord." Shouted Una.
"I'm not a Ferris-wheel." I could hear Elinore's facepalm. "I'm a roller coaster."
"Out." She said shaking her head coming in. "We brought tea for you mistress." Elinore smiled. "Oh and Una I have your foxglove biscuits." 
"Oh! I smell black lavender!" Yipped Una. "Did you really go through all that trouble?!" 
"It smells so nice. Like vanilla." Smiled the werewolf nurse. Her nametag read Quinn.
"I didn't think of that." Elinore gave it a sniff. "Like white vanilla." 
"There's so many herbs I have no idea about." I smiled, taking the towel Una had. I was tenderly dried, while Valery could have been here, but I sent her home so she could be with her baby.
Flora at the moment was in the human town to get more pup supplies. She wasn't satisfied with what we had, since she figured more was better.
Kaizen looked so upset at seeing the incision, but he held me before I could put on clothes. The pups kind of snored a little, and they were huddled together. I don't know how I could tell them apart, since they were identical twins, but I was happy I could.
"Leave us." Kaizen commanded huskily.
"Yes sir!" Giggled Una.
They all giggled when he kissed me on the forehead. He held me closely, and his embrace was like he was holding glass
"Do you need anything?" He asked.
"No, I'm alright." I smiled.
"I have fresh meat." He offered raw meat was on the hospital table by the bed
"I don't-" He cut me off.
"Raw meat aids in healing. It's just beef. Have the bone too." He said taking it and breaking it open with his grip. He didn't let me go; he was so tall it was well within his reach. "The marrow is especially good for you, but I do intend on hunting later. Organ meat is high in iron."
I hesitated on that 
He held the slab of beef to my mouth.
"Stop." I laughed.
"Open wide." He sang.
"Ew!" I squealed, but he was convincing My instincts activated when it got close enough with it, and it It was actually good The taste of raw beef had a flavor. I felt really good afterwards too.
"And the bone." He said firmly. His grin as he sang it was so smug I wanted to bite him, but instead I used all the biteforce I had to gnaw on it. I ate the marrow. I felt like a wild animal. 
"I also think since they'll need my milk, that this will be my diet for a while." I said thinking out loud.
"Yup, but mom also had stuff she liked after she ate what she needed for us." He said looking at his phone. "They're actually headed here before they hit Tyson's place."
"Oh, what time?" I asked.
"Um, like in thirty more minutes." He said looking on his phone. "They could be here Now, but father hates using his powers and last he wound up inside a wall according to Grace."
That sounded painful, and terrifying.
"It probably was." He said with a snort. 
I sat gently on the bed with Kaizen, but he wanted me to rest. 
"I'm not tired." I complained.
"Get sleep while the getting's good." He warned. 
"You're right." I said thinking about it. They still cry and need us They were more helpless than a normal baby, since they couldn't take care of themselves, even regulate their body temperature yet.
----Kaizen-----
Father stood at the threshold of the door.
"Come in." I said with a smile. Dad was weird when it came to stuff like this He was so stern looking naturally, that I don't think the nurses noticed his smile. It was slight, but there.
"They look like you when you were born." He said picking them up. "Welcome to the world, my grandsons. Aristaeus and Vexterios, with all those titles." He chuckled. "I got to make their mates this time." He said proudly. "I won't spoil it."
"Really?" I said with a little surprise.
"Yeah, but the Horned One did most of the work. I just kind of swirled soul stuff around." He admitted.
"I still think it's sweet that you tried." Said mom. "They're going to be their own race but to simplify it, they look like kitsune-wolf hybrids." 
"Awe you went and spoiled it." He said in disbelief. "They're called vulpines. They will share your horns, with wolfish bodies, and solid colored fox tails. They're a little leaner than a wolf, but about the same size." 
"I couldn't help myself. I got to see." Mom clapped. "They're so stinkin' cute."
"I can't lie, that does sound kind of cool, but how'd you get away with making more horned creatures? Or your Own race of people for that matter?" I asked.
"Father made them, and gave them titles but I bless them as well. May you never know the pain of hunger, heartbreak, nor blade mar your hide." He said holding them high in the air, ignoring me. They glowed red a moment.
"Bryson, you gave that blessing to Grace's pup too." She complained.
"I did. It's a really good one." He countered. "No wait!" He got peed on by both of them when he cradled them.. "Every time!" he skedaddled to a puppy pad, walking like a duck to dodge the onslaught of my boys 
Me and mom both got a good laugh out of that.
"I take it that they like the blessing." Said mom with a cheeky grin. "I was going to talk to Willow, but it seems like she's doing alright. I stayed with Grace to let her know it'll be ok.. and I just didn't feel right only attending to her needs. Samira and Willow need me too."
I knew that face. The weight of the world was on mother's shoulders again. She worked so hard to raise us right, and I bet she worried about us, because all of us were new parents at the same time.
Xaxas, nor Asanguis had any children They merely watched for threats. They didn't know a damn thing about helping, but it didn't stop him from coming in here.
"Ha, they got you too." Smiled Xaxas.
Father took off his shirt, and put it in the bathroom sink. "Oh, whatever."
"You blessed them well brother. It's my turn. I know now what I will bless all my little nephews. As Three, I bless these twins with honor, integrity, and honesty to match their strength. May they do what's right, rather than what is ordered of them. May they keep their vows, and treat their mates as we treat ours As the 4th and 5th Generals of the Horned One, they will need it."
The lights flickered with the blessing of Xaxas, as he is much stronger than father, who I believe is Four Their power, and being so high made each brother targets in their own right Each was cheated in their own way during the war
But now with peace and their power in their hands, instead of using all that strength for evil, the Sons of the Horned One lived quiet, mortal lives. They had mortal mates as I do When technically, if I wanted, I could have a home in Hell.
It wouldn't be hard either the Top Layer had fields and fields of black grass and lush forest. Demons that slithered and skittered there weren't allowed to harm the innocent. They bought food and drink at stores as we do, and had humble lives with honest paychecks.
If not for being an Alpha here, I'd ask her about it There was nothing Really holding me here either, other than the living thralls I turned with my blood I couldn't leave them here, but with Willow so clearly unable to defend herself, it was tempting.
###chapter 85
Willow
The nap was accompanied by a song and gentle pats on my head. I think it was Isabelle, so I didn't say anything
"The snow may be cold,
The wind may blow down,
Do not fear the darkness, for I will come soon.
As the Sun Rises from East to West
I love you, and I will protect.
For even in the darkest nights, I am here.
So, pray to the Lady, and she will come.
For tis her duty to her children." 
She hummed the melody now. It sounded almost familiar. I know I'd never heard it before, but at the same time, the almost melancholy tune held a bit of hope. Out of curiosity, I lifted my head, and I was right.
The pups were in the arms of their grandmother when I woke up. Isabelle's hum was clear as a and soft. I didn't know she could sing. But then again I never asked. It was soft and simple. I liked it.
"Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to wake you." She smiled.
"No worries What was that?" I asked.
"The Song of the Pale Lady." She smiled. "It's said that in times of great joy or sorrow, she hears us, and gives us strength. I learned it from, of all people, my uncle Connor gods that clown."
"I know wherever she is, she's dying to get her hands on the boys." I said warmly. "And I don't really know Connor but all your people are good ones. I can see why the goddess chose you guys to marry her sons." I said seeing her nod.
I think that was why I didn't mind them around my pups, even though they were just born. I had issue with even Eternya a moment, but I also chalked that up to hormones. He'd just got in a fight with Herculian. I heard most of their argument and weak as I was, if I could, I would have tried to fight the demigods for my sons.
"I'm grateful she gave me a good daughter too." She said kissing me on the top of the head. For their people, they only did that with very close relatives, or their children. I guess I was her pup as much as Kaizen  "She is free, but I wish she were here too."
"They stay away so we can be independent." I said honestly. Having them in our lives even more than they already are would be fun, but we would probably never grow as people.
Why learn anything when someone can just fix it with magic? The town didn't smell like fire anymore, so I know someone probably reset the town I was fine with that. There was no real lesson all those displaced people would learn other than it was too risky to live with Kaizen as Alpha.
Maybe some of them already felt that way. I don't think I could imagine being a regular human anymore, and something this otherworldly not only happen, but KEEP happening. 
And someone like the Realm King, The Literal Horned One, or Death here on a whim at any time. Or the guy known for making pelts out of people who piss him off, Kaizen's father.
"Wait, where's Kaizen?" I asked.
"With his father. They went hunting for you." She said passing me my pups. They were hungry.
"He doesn't have to do that." I mumbled. 
"He does. No matter how much training he has for his instincts, he is driven to provide. That's a core, fundamental part of us." She said like it was a warning. "If provoked, he Will be the monster he needs to be to protect you three."
They angrily squeaked. Lunch was late, and they let the world know.
I hadn't learned how to use my pump yet. But Isabelle showed me how. It was nice having her around to do this She gently held my hand You could tell she was a mother through and through.
I felt like I forgot someone  it bothered me a second.
They didn't like the fake teat, but once they realized it had milk, they chowed down.
"One tip I will say now is that you should have a strict, and I mean STRICT schedule. Every Four hours the first few months, and then one day, they'll just be more active. About when their eyes open. Then they'll get into Everything." She giggled. "They will get used to the routine quickly, since they will age like human children." 
"Really?" I said helping them burp, then go to the restroom like she showed me 
"Most supernaturals do." She said as if she were thinking about it. "Human childhoods are the default, but age stops between 18 and 35, sometimes 40 if stress is involved." 
"Is that why Xaxas looks so young?" I asked. He and Harmony looked like a young couple like me and Kaizen, but I heard his age was laughable. Nobody would tell me How old though.
"He's a special case. So honestly, he can look however he wants." She said shaking her head. "He's literally Uncle Connor, but with powers. Be careful you don't make any deals with him." 
"I know my mythology but thanks for the warning." I smiled. Her kindness made me wish my mom could be here.
She should know how happy I am She should be able to see her grandchildren, but I stay away for her sake I know that nothing good would happen knowing that they would stop at nothing to find me.
And here I was almost forgetting about them
They would want me to come home, and likely pretend that nothing happened They would cry tears of joy at first, then be bitter that I was marked by the Hornd One. Even in death, I would never see them again.
That's what made me shed a tear
They wouldn't understand either My pups weren't born with a mortal form I don't even think like a human anymore.
"Awe. I know that look. You're thinking about your mother, aren't you?" She asked.
I nodded.
"I know it's a bit disheartening but they're still likely making their peace with your 'death'. It wouldn't be right to get their hopes up." She said this to warn me. 
"I know better than to ruin their ignorance of this world Mom wouldn't handle this well, especially dad. He's a decan at our church their church." I mumbled.
"Then all the better you remain in their hearts, and them in yours." She said holding me like a baby. "That it. You can cry it out with me. I don't fully understand, but I get it." 
----Kaizen-----
[Boy I'm warning you!] barked dad.
I rammed him again. But now instead of hunting I was running for my life. It was fun, but when he caught me, I wouldn't be surprised if I got at Least nipped.
I was being cheeky.
[When I get my paws on you, I'm making you a rug!] he roared. It rang through the forest as I laughed just as loud.
Mindless minotaur attracted to my herd were carefully taken home by Flora and her father. That was the task I gave them, while I sent Ace with the meat I already got. A rabbit wasn't enough! I know though that of all the meats, it would be her favorite though.
Foxes love rabbit. Wolves do too. For them to be so cute, they are delicious.
He caught me, and now we rammed each other like butting rams. We used to do this when I was young. He used to train us how to fight.
[Eat my dust old man!] I yipped, cheating, dashing away with lightning.
He rained down from the sky as a beam of red light. When motivated, he was a force to be reckoned with.
[Now what was that?] He asked with a raised brow. Even as a wolf, father was probably twice my size, Tyson too.
He was only king because dad Didn't want the crown, and more importantly, he was way overqualified. 
[I said Eat Shit Rock Sniffer!] I laughed. I got him with a little zap on the nose. It didn't hurt him, I don't think it was possible 
I almost felt like a pup again. My mate was fed, my family was protected And I got to see my father half pissed, half enjoying himself.
[You Little Shit!] He ran after me, while I stole a nip at his heels by whipping around with my lightning. This surprised him too. He Thought I was going to submit.
[Time out!] I yelled, running into a deer literally on accident. I crashed into the poor thing, and now we chased it. 
That was the amount of meat I was hoping to hunt. That would stuff my mate We let it run, for honor's sake, and after we caught it, we shared the kill together.
Dad shifted, and when I did, I slung my half over my shoulder. "Let's head back. I sense Willow is upset." I said looking in the direction of the clinic.
"She misses her family." Said dad. "That's not something we can outright fix, or get involved with. But go to her." 
I don't rightly think he'd ever peered into the heart of another for anyone, not on purpose.
"I will." I said leaving as a bolt of lightning. No matter how minor or great, her sorrow was mine to share. She gave me sons; the least I could give was a little comfort and fresh food.
Food always made things a little better.
###chapter 86
Kaizen
The silent pause was almost awkward. The only thing that could be heard were the machines hooked up to my human formed mate 
"I feel her plight, but no." Said Xaxas firmly. "Why does everyone question my rulings? Just because it doesn't satisfy you, doesn't mean I'll play favorites nephew."
"Even I disagree." Said Herculian, holding Vexterios. He had my pup on his chest, and my son squeaked contently.
Willow was knocked out, but I know she was also listening as best as she could. Mother still didn't trust Herculian, since he held the sun on his back shoulder It would take some time to trust anyone like that
Willow and the pups though were my priority They'd eaten, and were resting now, but I felt for her too
Her heart hurt for her mother, and I could understand it She could never show her mother our children, nor her life. She will outlive them too. Her people still mourned her 'death' and as I held her, I questioned what I could do to fix this.
Even if I got the humans and brought them here, they'd just be in danger at all times. They would have to live in the cells like the other humans, because if the vampires don't drink them dry, the ghoul will rip them apart
"Willow's former mortality should be taken into consideration at least uncle. Does she really have to go through this?" I asked Xaxas. He was here of his own accord, but as the Realm King, if I could convince him, maybe at least she could see her, but not interact
"She made her choice." He said firmly. "It may not seem fair to you right now, but better they die thinking they lost her, than a reappearance with no reconciliation. You ask too much." He said this with crossed arms.
Harmony held Aristaeus. "She's strong Kaizen. Letting Willow visit them, even for a moment, wouldn't be fair to them. They can't live here; I see the preserve the elves made for the humans. It's nice, yeah ,but you'd take them from their home, to put them in a zoo."
"I know It doesn't hurt to try though." I said petting her hair. She was done crying, and I felt like I failed her.
"You didn't Fail her." Said Xaxas. "I kept the Treaty in place so her parents can live in peace. Their home is quiet without their daughter." He said looking south. "I'll give them another child. That would be fair compensation for taking this one."
"So she'll have a sister or brother that she'll never meet?" I asked, but his glare told me that he'd had enough. He did not like being questioned, nor did he appreciate that I brought up something he obviously didn't think of.
"It is Fair. Willow is a Kitsune, one with Pups that hold no human shape yet." He said annoyed. "To allow contact would only open wounds they still heal from. To let them ask questions they aren't meant to ponder will gain them imprisonment at Best, and Death at its worst."
"What of a dream?" Asked my father. "I could do that."
"You sure you want to use your magic?" Asked Xaxas with surprise. "Will you accept the consequences should this be a bad idea as I said?"
"I do. I agree with Kaizen. I'll take responsibility should it go sour." He said firmly.
"Then I'll honor it. Take my scales." He waved his hand, and a set of scales appeared in dad's hand. "If the sun side weighs down, end the dream. It means that they're going to wake up."
The scales had a small magic sun the size of a marble in one of the bronze bowls, while the other had a black orb in the other. The black one had the Horned One's mark in red, while there was a black circle, the Sign of the Sun, in the other
"I can't give her much time, but something is better than nothing." Said father.
----Willow----
"I hope you heard everything." Said Bryson. 
He placed a set of scales on the ground, and they grew to be 20 feet tall. One side held a sun floating in it, while the other a black orb that stole the light around it Once done, he shifted, and my parents stood in front of me
I was in a field filled with black, purplish dandelions The endless sea of them smelled like roses, a sweet, delicate scent that was pleasing to the nose. There wasn't a cloud in the sky,, and the temperature was perfect. Better than the cold, sterile place of the clinic, where I noticed the beeps of nearly every machine in the building.
"What is this?" asked mom. She picked a dandelion that'd went to seed, and blew a wish.
"Hi mom." I waved.
She immediately cried. "Oh my baby, look at you!" She said as she ran to hug me. It felt nice Father stood there, dumbfounded, looking at Bryson.
He was just behind me, being the largest wolf I think I'd ever seen. He looked like a taller, fuller horned version of my husband, except between his horns was a floating crown, identical to the horned One's. He said nothing though, because I don't know if he could speak or not.
"I'm alright mom. I just wanted to tell you to let me go." I said almost not wanting to leave this moment 
"You were so young." Said dad. "There isn't a day I don't walk past your old room, and think of you, you know." He smiled sadly, and I got to hug him too.
He still smelled the same. My instincts added to it, that he was 'dad' in my mind, but he also smelled like the cologne he always wore
It was better that they didn't know details  All they needed to know was that it was ok to move on from losing me That I wasn't lost but for their sake, it was best they thought that.
"I've been having such a nice time, I caught myself forgetting about my life." I admitted. I thought they'd be mad at me, but instead he looked relieved.
"I'm ok with that." Said dad. "Just don't forget that we love you."
It made me want to tell them everything, but Bryson looked at the scales. The sun dipped lower, it was no longer balanced.
"It's time to go." Said Bryson.
"Goodbye." I said hugging them until I woke up in Kaizen's arms.
"So how was it?' He asked.
"They got closure." I said about as content about it as I could be I wanted more time, but if that was all I could get, I'd take that a thousand times.
They had a right to know I was ok.
"I let them remember it." Said Bryson. "She didn't share anything compromising, so when they wake, they can be confident that it's ok to move on."
"I still disagree with this." Said Xaxas, getting his scales back. 
"You don't have to." Said Bryson with crossed arms. "I will not sit here and allow my pup's eyes filled with tears, when there's a solution in front of me."
"Then what's done is done. I'll go speak with Arviel myself to get the ball rolling on a replacement child for them. It isn't the same thing as having Willow, but it's better than nothing." Said Xaxas.
"I'm ready to head home." Said Harmony, she handed my pup Aristaeus to Bryson. He looked so proud of them
"Thank you." I said getting a smile out of the stern granpa.
"Don't worry about it. I think I'll go check on Samira now. Are you ready Isabelle?" He asked.
"I am." She kissed each of the pups, and hugged us. "I'm still sorry that you have to deal with all this."
"I'll be alright." I said looking at my pups. If ever one day they wanted to know more about that side of their family, I would tell them. They wouldn't be able to visit, but they should know their family. 
They vanished with a small puff of red smoke, and it left us with Herculian. "I should go too. It's getting late." He said petting my sons one last time. "I'll probably be back tomorrow." Vexterios was given to Kaizen. He yawned being so tiny, and sleepy.
"Tomorrow, I get to go home." I said with a smile.
"Then I'll bring a housewarming gift." He left, becoming a beam of light when he closed the door.
I wished that dream was longer, I really do but they got what they needed. I did too I got to say goodbye to everyone now. I held my pups. They smelled like the flowers in my dreams. My parents would probably freak out about my babies, but they'd have loved them too.
Kaizen looked happy with my words, but I felt his concern. He probably thought I wanted to go back to my family to leave this life and this world. I don't think I could ever do that, with or without pups. I have a mate, and I chose him over all the gifts and trinkets the Horned One could offer.
"Finally, I have you *almost* all to myself." He said kissing me on the forehead. "I ordered pizza too."
"I already ate, but there's always room for pizza." I said sitting up. I put the boys on the bed so they could relax. I sat in Kaizen's lap and we watched Tv once the delivery got here. There was now a small pizza shop, and a Hamberger Royalty outside of town. 
I hoped no one would question why a pizza place, or fast-food restaurant was in the middle of the woods off a thin two-way road, but I wasn't complaining. I got to have junk food. There was its own little comfort in it. As a supernatural now, this kind of stuff was more of an occasional treat than something I could have often.
We watched The Termination Man with Ronald Schwarzenegger, a old, cheesy classic. We'd both seen it before, but it passed time. For a little while, we had actual peace. No one linked us with anything, no one needed us, since Ace covered for Kaizen. Flora watched Ellio and the other minotaur. She took it upon herself to show them all she knew, while Eternya flew around doing a quick border patrol.
But to be fair, I think he was using that as an excuse to hang out with Elinore. Either way, I let my head rest on Kaizen's shoulder. I would cherish this peace, because once the boys woke up, it would be time to feed them again.
###chapter 87
Willow
At 11:30am, I had an appointment with 'Dr. Sampson'. To be fair, I was glad that I chose to know who he was, since he was going to always be their doctor and mine. He inspected my incision, and hummed deeply. "Such sloppy, rushed work. Forgive me small one."
"Is she alright?" Asked Kaizen. "I'm so sorry Willow. I didn't realize birth was so complicated."
"It's okay. Am I cleared to leave doctor?" I asked the Horned One. He nodded.
"I don't see any reason why you should remain here unless you want." Said 'Dr. Sampson.' 
To Kaizen, and the staff, I believe he had the appearance of a doctor but I knew better. I could see him in his black robes, horns, and flaming crown. He wore black sandals too. How did no one notice?!
You'd think Kaizen would figure it out by 'hearing' me, but he was blissfully unaware.
"Docktor is there anything I need to do for her, or the  pups?" Asked Kaizen. He was overwhelmed as a new father, constantly driven to hunt, even though at this moment, he had a whole deer chopped up and in the hospital's fridge. The second one.
"No. So long as she has fresh meat and plenty of water, She'll heal without issue." He said this with a knowing smile. He wrote on a clipboard, but I could see what it really was... it was a black scroll with red glowing ink.
"Then we'll take our leave sir. Thank you again for keeping my precious mate alive. If there's anything you could ask, so long as it doesn't conflict with my orders, I'll do it." Said Kaizen, shaking his wrist.
"The only thing I want, is that you continue to protect the Master's generals." He smiled.
"Oh, you know? Are you also marked by the Horned One? It's hard to see or feel anything off you other than you being a fae in general." He admitted.
"I am just a typical doctor. When you live this long, you tend to simply know things." He said cryptically, but I don't think my mate caught his warning like I did. "Let me see them, that I can give them a final once over." 
"Of course." Said Kaizen. He handed our squeaking babies to the Lord of Punishment, and he smiled. I don't think Kaizen saw or heard the words of the Void King, but I did.
"Marvelous work I have *outdone* myself indeed." He grinned. "Splendid, themed names too I bless them with power. They will know their true strength as they grow. I will not hold back with this litter These pups, all four of them will be blessed without limitation." 
Kaizen seemed to be frozen in place, and I hesitated, but asked my questions anyway.
"All four?" I asked. "Do you bless all of them right now?" I referred to Grace and Samira's pups too..
He chuckled. "This task is trivial little Willow. Everything in this world that is mine is Mine I Refuse to allow harm to come to them, after so much tension caused them in the first place." he said giving them to me. "Love your children. Do not fear what they will become. They will only be 'monsters' should you fail them." He warned.
"I won't." I said confidently.
"It is why I gave you two." He admitted. "They are Swift And Powerful a combination that is not meant to exist, since I am to choose one or the other. Even great Layer Lords will tremble at their feet by the time they are of age to grow flesh But for now, they are adorable. So much so that I had to bribe their grandmother not to come and coddle them." He chuckled.
"If she comes, I'll let her hold them." I smiled.
He didn't.
"Good luck getting them back. She pouts now even as we speak. Anyway. Let me restart time. It isn't good for ones so little." He grinned.
With the snap of his fingers, Kaizen was handed the pups.
"Love your children, and do not fear who they become. If they are poor, it is because you raised them poorly." He said disappearing.
"Ready to go?.... That was. Cryptic." Said Kaizen.
"I am." I said confidently. 
Kaizen texted for the car to be readied, and within a few minutes, it was here. They had car seats, even though the pups wouldn't fit in there. I happily put them in their little crate, and they complained. They didn't like being out of mommy or daddy's arms, but they would have to like it. They had to be safe while driving, and there was no greater joy in my heart that they were here I never thought I'd have kids so soon, yet here they were, and I was happy.
It was noon. The sun was out, and birds were chirping. I was so flippin' happy. I was Done with appointments.
"Finally!" I shouted, holding the pups while Kaizen had the baby bag.
"Remember, slow and steady." He chuckled. 
"I will." I said showing the pups the living room..
They didn't even have open eyes to see, but they sniffed the air. They could get to know what home smells like.
I was tired but excited, since now I was home! I ran-walked up the stairs while my mate was right behind me. He wanted to make sure that I wasn't overdoing it, and I was, but I Needed this. There was nothing like home! No more IV, no more checks, or uncomfortable hospital cot.
I put our pups on the soft bed we had, and they seemed to kind of melt into the thick comforter. They sniffed it, being too young to really do anything other than squeak
"I can watch them if you want to go out." Smiled my mate.
"I don't want to do anything other than be here in this moment with you and our little ones." I said looking at my phone. I had to feed them every 4 hours, but I also needed to use my pump. After getting what I needed, I fed the pups, and they were no trouble at all
I sat on the rocking chair put in our room, and Kaizen took his chance to nap. He slept with the pups on his chest, being a proud, but also tired parent. He looked so peaceful, blissfully grinning in his sleep.
I got on his laptop, and looked at pack duties. I had no idea what I was doing still, but I wanted to help. I saw he had an email from Tyson, and photos were attached.
It was a picture of his pup on the throne, inside his gold crown. It read 'Ha,ha  look at little Lustros. Samira thought this would be a cute Solsticemas photo, what do you think? '
His pup looked like mine gods damn it that was cute. He was a small black ball of fluff, though unlike my pups, he had a white stripe down his nose, and it ran between his horns.
Two could play that game. I sent him a photo of the twins on Kaizen, and he called. I answered the first ring, glad that nobody woke up.
"I'm not trying to make a fireman calendar." He chuckled.
"We can call it Hot Bods and Cute Boys."  I grinned. 
". He's a bad influence." Tyson chuckled. "Do you know how to send me a copy of the pups birth certificates so I can place the Royal Seal on them?" He asked.
"I don't." I said truthfully.
"Don't worry about it. I'll contact the hospital, and I'll send official copies by an Omega." He said hanging up.
I took a nap in the rocking chair I wasn't even meaning to do it, but it was really comfortable. My body ached. It really did. There was no compromise to my heavy eyelids. 
I felt unnaturally warm and I opened my eyes. It was night, and Kaizen was still asleep there was a note on my lap that said he'd fed them at 4, and it was 7:45 That meant in about 15 minutes, they needed dinner. I pulled out my pump, and I managed to get a whole SIX Ounces! I was a cow.
"Look at me." I giggled, putting what they needed in their bottles. I saved the rest for later And they feasted to their little hearts' content, and just like that, they were out like a light. Caring for them at this stage was easy 
Granted they knew nothing and did nothing. I was kind of already warned about what they will become Like their father, but I wouldn't let it consume me. Fear and overcorrection will make them the very thing I Don't want them to be. monsters. 
They were physically 'monsters' already, but not mentally They were little sponges, and what we teach them will help mold them Since this world was Sanctuary, I will teach them to preserve and protect this world, not be part of the problem. Kaizen's scrolls that he received to snuff threats were nearly endless, with varying degrees of importance. I would make sure they didn't end up on one 
###chapter 88
A/N: I was wondering should I put Tyson's book here, or wait for an application and whatnot? It shouldn't take too long, but posting it here will be Faster but the trade off is that I would have to rewind quite a bit. AND Kaizen would no longer be the focus. I'm leaning toward Tyson having his own
Willow
The boys' were scooting now. They were only two weeks old, with their eyes still closed, but if you weren't looking, they'd be in the hall, making a break for I think the bedroom.
That was where the milk was I made racecar noises as I scooped up my fat pup.
"I see you." I smiled. I picked up Aristaeus, who squealed and wiggled to no end.
It was almost as if Vexterios knew he was next, but he was too slow.
"Got you." I giggled. 
I twirled with them gently in my arms, and they seemed to like it. I kind of got caught by some of the Warriors they saw. I sheepishly waved cradling my pups There was a line outside the office, but I think it was because of who was inside. Kaizen was only a few steps away, but when I carried them to the office, he looked a little stern.
"Alpha I wish to join." Said a werewolf. "I know we will be safe here, but-" Kaizen's stern gaze reminded me of Bryson, his true stature too His eyes were that strange black and red; it intimidated this new, potential pack member.
All the while, his battle-scarred chest and loose ponytail draping down his right shoulder showed he was in peak condition. I had to get a special, almost throne for him to fit. The chair was made for supernaturals, while mine was just a black gaming chair.
"Explain the murder of pack on your record." He said leaning back.
Kaizen was his true height That was imposing for someone who didn't know him personally. My mate's strength could damn near be tasted. I might have triggered his hostility by being in here with a stranger. I wasn't anywhere near him, being at the threshold of the door. I was going to leave, but he reached over and pulled my chair next to him.
Something as simple as Kaizen holding the end of my seat showed his muscles. I paid no mind as best as I could people were watching. The best thing I could do was to act neutral. I held my little ones close, and I didn't hesitate. I was Luna. I showed any who saw. 
I walked around behind his desk, and sat holding our babies. No one moved a single muscle. I think they knew if they did, he'd kill them. I was casual about all this. I knew his hostility wasn't for me, and he'd only do something if it was warranted.
He wasn't some dumb beast lashing out at random people He was a General, one with honed skills and ample proof of his ability. 
I could see the screen of Kaizen's computer now. Mr. Oswald Mapmaker was from YellowMoon, a pack north of BeastMoon, his father's enormous pack. He was a 6'2, stocky man with caramel skin and green eyes. His wolf's name was Target, and his status was one of a Border Warrior. He could be useful, but for Kaizen to interrogate him so firmly, something was up with his 'banished' status.
"Speak up." Said Kaizen.
"There's not much to explain. I didn't like Warrior Torry, we'd been feuding for 90 years. Petty junk, like stealing hours, or making sure I got border patrol on the busy nights. He did it one too many times. He paid some dirty Rogues to stab me in the middle of a turf fight. Who does that?! Alpha Ryan didn't want to hear it. He said I wasn't justified, because I was supposed to report him, not kill him outright after the fact."
"It says the murder happened 3 days after. Plenty of time to report. I could understand if this was in the heat of the moment, but the report also says you broke into his home, and stabbed him 12 times in the chest in his sleep." Kaizen typed up the other file of the deceased Warrior too That sounded like he killed him out of hatred. There wasn't any harassment on file either
"I won't lie and say I'm not guilty. Please give me a chance." Oswald begged. "I can't go anywhere else, I'm a Rogue now My mate doesn't deserve that. I'll leave her here if you want." 
"I would not split up mates. The only thing it'll do is make you linger in the forest." Said Kaizen. The intense glare he gave made the man submit. I knew that look, he was reading his mind, and likely didn't like what he'd heard.
"You were just a lower wolf tired of being treated poorly, but there's Old Ones and Angels on this land. Shadow Wolves, witches, half-dragons and such too. " Kaizen scratched his chin. "I cannot trust your words. What would you do to quell that?"
"I could drink your blood sir." Oswald bowed his head.
Kaizen's wicked grin looked almost demonic. The flame lit between his horns.
"There it is. *That's* what you really want, isn't it?" Asked my mate. Kaizen interlaced his fingers, though his claws were at least as long as a damn soda can "Do you want *power* little wolf? Power so you can *prove* you're no pushover?" He asked this bluntly. "You would give your freedom for something as trivial as being my underling?"
"Only if you deem that I'm-" Oswald was cut off.
"You're not." Said Kaizen. "Mr. Oswald, I have read you, and deemed you unworthy of Misfit. You hid it well, but I see your intentions. You wanted More than your station, and you thought killing pack would attain it. I cannot trust you. I will not have you make problems here. "
"Please Alpha-" He was cut off again.
"I see your files And your heart. You do this everywhere you go. Jack." Barked Kaizen.
"Yes boss?" Said Jack Directly behind that man. 
"Shit!" Mr. Oswald screamed. It was nice to see that for once he wasn't doing that to me.
"Give him a thirty-minute head start.If you live, tell the other Rogues that I do not allow All misfits entry."
"Fuck you." He grumbled, and there were growls.
Kaizen raised his hand. "Make it 15. Starting.. *now*. Go shoo." He waved his hand.
He shifted and ran down the stairs, and Jack sat now in front of Kaizen.
"Boss, why didn't you keep that one? He was a Warrior." Asked Jack.
"Yes, one who thinks he's justified to kill pack because he was crossed. That murder was premeditated. Planned. Had he obeyed the law, the Warrior that harassed him would likely have been reprimanded or banished. Yet, I find no reports regarding that particular Warrior. It doesn't mean he's innocent, but I have kids. Too many people have little ones running around for unaccounted, unstable wolves. What's to say that he does it again? I'll call Alpha Ryan myself. You can never be too sure."
He dismissed Jack, and I think this was the second time I'd ever seen his black wolf. He was like a living shadow. His eyes were a deep purplish red, and he left out the office by phasing through the wall... I think he did that to show off.
"He's developing well." Said Kaizen. "Good morning beautiful." He smiled, kissing me on the head. The Warriors who remained in the hall smiled, or chuckled. I enjoyed the warm tingle of his touch
"Morning." I smiled. I made Aristaeus wave by taking his little paw and waving 
"I'm supposed to be Alpha right now." He complained. It didn't stop him from putting his pups on his chest. Their little feet were no bigger than maybe a dime. They were so impossibly tiny, and thankfully their little claws didn't scratch him.
"Alpha. There's another who wishes your mercy." Said Yuka. He was in a Warrior's uniform, so I guess that he chose to serve, even though he was rich enough that he didn't have to.
The next person that came in was another man no older than 30, but this one was pretty ragged. He was pale as me, and shorter than the average werewolf, but not by much. His hair was spiked and brown, while his eyes were a dull greenish-brown. His scent told me that he was an Omega, and the sealed letter in his hand looked important The seal on it was a wolf breathing fire, the royal crest. He also smelled a little of motor oil, but it could have been that his car broke down at some point.
"I only wish passage. My car broke down about 10 miles before MisfitMoon popped up on the map. I knew when I saw Alpha Charred as the leader, it was safe."  Said the man. 
"Eric why are you so formal? It's weird..." Said Kaizen. "What brings you from Jentucky? This is Eric, my aunt Shelly's mate. Shelly is my grandpa Kaiden's older sister."
".I didn't think you'd remember me." Eric admitted. 
"Nonsense! How could I forget you? I remember the *bribes* of meat whenever we visited." Kaizen smiled. "I also remember you were the only one who'd let us chase squirrels."
"They were *gifts*!" Eric protested with a light chuckle. Kaizen handed him our babies, and that was when I think I mentally relaxed. He wouldn't do that if he wasn't sure "They look so much like you. Vexterios and Aristaeus, right?" he mumbled. 
They still slept, and hummed lightly. 
"Yeah, it was a little harder to name our first born." I smiled. He handed them to me. They still slept soundly, and I was grateful.
"It's nice to meet you too Willow." We shook wrists. "I'm glad you didn't name Aristaeus Sinister, another word for 'left' in Latin, the root of wolfspeach. Interesting how in almost every language, 'left' is almost a play on 'bad' or 'evil'" 
"I never thought of that. I just wanted them to have Good names. One day they will work with their father, even kings too.. I doubt 'cuddles and fluffy' would sit well." I joked, getting a good giggles out of them both.
"Speak your troubles neighbor. Grandfather would not send you on a mission to the castle for no reason. Leave us." He commanded the Warriors, and they closed the door behind themselves.
###chapter 89
Willow
"Indeed, nephew Kaiden tasked me to deliver this to Tyson, but I know now that I am compromised. I won't make it that far if I keep my package ." He said sheepishly. "I went this route after my car started acting up, and I was right to follow my gut I still don't know how I wound up here safely. I felt almost watched until I got to your border, and a Warrior offered me a lift on ATV."'
"Maybe they were waiting for the right moment, and it never came?" I said thinking out loud.
"That could be it." Agreed Kaizen. "That and you were likely guided here. Did you encounter any other troubles?" Asked Kaizen with concern.
"Thankfully no." Said Eric.
"How's everybody?" He asked. 
"Alpha does well. Beta Connor lately has been hanging out with the humans in the prison, and Shelly can't get Hank to take her position as Gamma. He never will; he doesn't want it. And the best news I got; he finally found a surrogate to have a pup. I'm going to be a grandpa too."
"Wonderful." Said my mate. "Hank and Keith have been married at least 75 years. I don't blame him on not changing positions. Hank has a Good job, and he's good at it, running Horizon Prison with Grandfather since he turned 18. He Should be a Beta somewhere to be fair, but he chose to help his mother, Aunt Shelly, Gamma of CharredMoon." Kaizen said this to inform me, and I nodded.
"Who's going to help them?" I asked.
"Warrior Eunice has grown pups from her late mate, so they agreed she was the best fit. Him and his husband are super excited, and honestly, I am too." He beamed.
"That's good. Tell him to call so we can visit." I said with a smile. That was some good news. I wished that was all he came for
"How's the prison? I assume he's going to go on leave once his pup's born." Kaizen asked. 
"Horizon houses all races, and is now the largest supernatural prison in the country. "I hope things are good with you guys." He said with a small bow. I think it was politeness, as Eric is an Omega. Things like that are normal in wolf conversation. 
Eric smiled at the pups, who were asleep again. They made their father's arm and chest into a muscular bed. Kaizen volunteered to put the pups in the other room They were starting to snore.
"It is. Now that I'm Alpha, people are able to have peace and clean papers." Kaizen grinned. He shrank so that Eric could be more comfortable. "I can secure safe passage, but once you leave my territory, the eyes and ears of those who are curious may end you. Word like this travels fast.." Said Kaizen. "And I don't think I have anyone I can spare to ride with you Not with my boys so small."
"I figured as much .. I was hoping I could leave it with you." He said handing him the black wax sealed letter. 
"Oh? Let me see." Kaizen opened the letter with a claw, and sternly read the note. "It says, Dear Tyson, I bet the first thing you'll do is tell Kaizen and Grace, but I believe you should wait. I have your traitor. He's in a cell waiting for you to come collect him. 
I can't get him to talk, but I can bet if you leave the castle, someone is going to try to break into the Vault again. I pray that does not happen. Just because our patriarch cannot die does not mean that he won't feel what they will do to him. It will prevent him from waking too, since he won't be whole if they steal an organ  
It's why he trusted you as his protector. You're more capable than I. You and Kaizen. I don't want to ask him though; I don't think it fair I ask anything of my grandson. When he was a fugitive, I did not lend a claw to aid him. I do not consider Grace, because she rules another peoples. I also thought it best to leave her be, since she expressed that she wants to retire a bit to raise her lil' boy.
But if I did not let you three be men and women, you wouldn't learn anything. 
Brutus may be dead, but his followers infect the Midwest like a disease It festers and rots like a freshly popped boil. Flush it out. If you need me, now that you have established yourself, and Kaizen is Pardoned by the Realm King, I know my aid will only be complementary for you. 
Now if I approached the Charred Throne, they know I am there for business, and nothing else
Good luck. I still remember letting you ride on my head as a hat. Or the time I kidnapped you three while Izzy was asleep, so I could teach you to swim. 
You know she's *still* pissy about that?!
Oh, and send me pictures of my lil' boy. I have Zolotos, Grace's lil gold pup, but you bums don't call or visit! How am I going to add to the family photo book without family photos?!
With love
Your grandpa, the Coolest Grandpa in fact. Don't forget it."
"That sounds pretty urgent." I mumbled.
"This is actually the first break I've gotten since picking up the letter.." Said Eric. "Kaiden couldn't trust this with anyone else. Everything's fine *now* but earlier there was a bit of an issue with one of our Omegas. Treason is the short of it."
"Gods damn it." Said Kaizen shaking his head. "I can take you with me to pick up, and deliver the traitor." 
"My lord the only way you'd get there as fast as you suggest, is with magic no thank you." Said Eric formally.
"Then I'll arrange Wix to lend his private jet, and you can go home in style AFTER you rest." Said Kaizen. 
"You sure?" Asked Eric. "I can just buy a commercial ticket"
"I'd rather you use Wix's private airline. His pilot is a manticore. Decimus actually lives here if you want to talk to him too." Smiled Kaizen. "I'll go ahead and leave. See you later." He kissed me on the forehead, and vanished. 
"I hate it when they do that." Complained Eric. "Grace does that too."
"I Got the Rogue." Said Jack behind Eric. 
There is no sound when Jack appears He's just there. I hate it. I hate it so much, because no matter how many times I've seen it, I'm never prepared.
"Ah! Stop it!" Eric growled, though his wolf was dormant so it sounded like a regular, human grumble.
"Sorry. I can't help it. Maybe I should click my tongue or something for you lot." He chuckled. Jack was also covered in that wolf's blood. I know he hadn't slashed anyone in a little while so that guy probably got a few days' worth of Jack's pent-up aggression.
-----Kaizen------
The shortcut through hell was the usual. The screams of the masses below The demons who loved their work, the stench of sulfur and tar Typical graphic penance for typical terrible people. Who knows, maybe some of them will learn their lesson. I'd used this technique a few times now, and I figured it would be safer to materialize in the forest, than in the pack.
I popped out the other side to the green lush forest. I was also shifted. I was faster, but the Warrior unit that saw me materialize out from the ground with black and red smoke stopped whatever horseplay they were doing.
I was my wolf, imposing since I held the candle's flame between my horns. Right now, I would be the size of the original Wolf King, maybe a little bigger, though only to father's shoulder.Father, nor I *technically* count as werewolves now seeing as how my status changed that 
"What the Fuck!" Screamed Jason, my uncle Connor's son. He was beta of CrimsonMoon, the next pack over by only 25 miles. "Kaisen is that *you?!*" He yelled.
All the Wolf King's line looked like him. Jason was no exception. He looked like grandfather, except his eyes were green, not amber. Me and my siblings were the exception however we looked like father, since well He's the Lord of Justice. We take after him because he's higher than a king Plus father looks like the Horned one, and I doubt he'd make us look like someone else to be fair
"Yeah. It seems I landed between Charred and Crimson. Is everything alright?" I asked shifting to my true mortal form. I was leaner than Tyson, but much faster.
"It is now holy shit." Jason was flabbergasted to say the least. He'd seen me before I was given my title officially. Now I was bigger.
"I'll meet you at CharredMoon then." I bolted across the sky as red lightning.
I did this as a man while they likely shifted. I had better control of my power in this shape, plus I figured wolves wouldn't feel as threatened by seeing my human form. Regular wolves went to my elbows.
I landed, and walked in. The place looked the same The dark hardwood and light furniture was old, colonial style. Grandpa Kaiden was born around the Revolutionary War I think, but his mannerisms were more modern. Not his taste though This place looked like the cover of a Southern Cooking Magazine or something. The living room alone was probably twice the size of mine. It was built to house plenty of wolves, having at least 50 or 60 rooms, and about 5 stories high.
Nobody stopped me as I walked to the base of the stairs I'm sure they knew they couldn't. the looks though from these wolves. It felt like I was being judged. They knew who I was The Packmate Killer that was the common thought rolling around in the airand the fear of my strength. 
I could hear their links, and scent their fear. Not a soul trusted me, nor did they agree with the sentence of the Realm King. That was the common theme I knew I would have to endure for the rest of my life Pack killings are serious almost always met with banishment or beheading 
I held my head high. I was an Alpha now, and I would not make myself look as the vagabond that I was. I, no matter what, am a proud wolf. One fuck up does not define me.
"I'm here!" I shouted.
"Wait what happened?" Asked grandpa Kaiden. He came and pressed his forehead to mine. Grandpa was 6'8, yet I had to bend down since I'm 7'5. It's funny how supernaturals work. We're bigger than mortals by so much It's partly why we don't socialize in the mortal world I would stick out like a sore thumb, even when I shrink.
"Eric made a detour and broke down at Misfit. Good thing he did. Where's the traitor?" I asked.
"I got him in solitary. Hank can bring him here was that you?" He asked, referring to the lightning.
"I think I'm the only one that can outright do that." I said thinking out loud.
###chapter 90
Kaizen
I waited for Hank to bring the prisoner, but in the short hour that I waited gods I was spoiled.
"Why'd I have to be here on business!" I complained I was being spoiled *rotten*. 
There were no pups here to puppy so I was grandma's little piggy-pig. She had steak to stuff me. And I was stuffed. I was a fatted cow ready for slaughter, but it did not stop her. And I could make room for the extra treats she pulled out the oven. The homemade cookies steamed. I don't think I'd had peanut butter cookies before, but they smelled Amazing.
I got hugged by Grandma Eclipse, she was no bigger than Willow. 
"I know! It's always business Next time come with everybody."  She gave me cookies and made me sit on the couch. 
I got to hear about everything that happened since the last I visited. Uncle Connor learned the guitar, Aunt Shelly picked up, and became fluent in unicorn. Michelle, Hank's older sister, is now Beta of LemonMoon, the northern border of Charred. They're only about 50 miles away.
That prison is the biggest in the country now for supernatural creatures. They used to just house wolves and stray humans, even the illegal HeadHunters, but now every race has at least a few of their ranks there. It was maximum security, with clean, state of the art cells for inmates, and apartments for regular humans. Mortals who resist mind erasing, or don't get it in time are sent here, and live their days out in peaceful captivity. Hunters are used for meat. 
That is how CharredMoon makes the majority of its money The former Crown Prince was said to rule with an iron fist, but I only knew him as 'the coolest grandpa' I don't think I've ever had to see him fight.
"I got the asswipe!" Shouted Hank outside. He looked like the King as well, though his eyes were blue most of the time. When pissed, he could make them kind of purple, since his wolf's eyes are red.
/Congratulations on finding a female who you can trust./ I shot a quick link to him. Now wasn't the time to talk about it.
/Thanks. Next year, Keith is going to have a pup too. They'll be technically half brothers. We've adopted two pups, Warrior Gynni, and Warrior Ingrim are 25 now, what's two more./ He linked happily. I didn't know that. I need to keep up with family affairs more often.
Regardless that was the only links we'd share. I had to get back to work.
"You don't mind my softening him up a bit do you?" I asked grandma; she'd probably be the only one upset by this. She was probably the smallest, sweetest wolf I'd ever met.
"Do what you have to." She said surprising me.
"Alright." I grabbed the wolf by the scruff, and decided the back yard was better than the hardwood of the house. He wasn't shifted, in clean white inmate clothing, but now it was covered in grass stains, soon to be blood too if he didn't talk.
This wolf was a Shadow Warrior That pack, every member, is born without the full moon on purpose. They use techniques to birth their pups without the Lady's grace, and it gives them the ability to step into the shadows easier than a normal werewolf. 
He was no different, sporting the signature mix-matched eye combination of one blue eye, and one brown. Heterochromia was only present in wolves who could use the pseudo magic and it seemed I gathered a bit of a crowd even the elders wanted to see this. It's rare wolves age, but for those that do, their long lives hold much value.
"What were your orders?" I asked. "Only Council can employ Shadows, and I know you let yourself be caught."
"I will tell you nothing." He hissed. This one held pride in his heart
I chuckled. It made some of the wolves' hair bristle. "Do you know how much time I have to extract this information?" I asked this letting my claws sheath and unsheathe. I let one graze the top of his forehead as I knelt in front of him. I let our eyes meet. I let him see a vision of what the Layer of Murder looks like.
He looked *Terrified*.
"I ask you again how much time do you think I have to get the information I want mortal." I growled. I let him have a Taste. 
I let him see my penance for the world around us, only a few seconds passed, about 25. But he got to see all 25 years Every death experience all the hurt. That was what was in store for him, being an assassin.
". eternity sir." He mumbled. "Eternity."
"Good." I patted his head. "Ink and Tiptap, a strange name for man and wolf. Tell me or you *will* tell me."
" the 13th seat sir When you killed the 14th Seat Lupe, Lord Cunnings" He stopped himself. "I have now broken my oath an additional crime." He mumbled.
"I'm taking you to the castle. You will tell details but you seem useful." I said standing.
He could teach Jack the secrets of ShadowMoon There were some Shadow Warriors in Misfit, but they didn't know what this one did His eyes weren't as blue and brown. This was a highly ranked one. A lieutenant.  His talents would be wasted in torment
I disappeared with him, and I couldn't drag him through hell. Grandfather would want to keep him since he held the red X on his soul. So, I had to teleport.
Gods I hated magic 
I just kind of knew how to do it and I did. I wanted to vomit from the movement from one country to another, but I deemed this worth it. I played it off.
Court was not in session, so the throne room was empty since it was only about noon. But on seeing the Broken Shadow with me, the guards were stirred. 
"Lord Kaizen." Bowed Shakira. Now that I wasn't a fugitive, she, and all the royal gaurd gave me as much respect as she would the King. They kneeled on bended knee, almost afraid for my appearance.
"Fetch my brother and the council who are here do not let Thad Cunnings leave the palace.
"Of course sir." Said Shakira, the Royal Hiena Guard Captain.
In about three minutes, every council member was there, though the only one who looked nervous was Cunnings. 
Then my brother came in the room I must say I could understand why they feared him so badly. He looked almost older than me with how stern he looked, holding an aura that radiated small balls of gold mixed with darkness. The lights were stolen by his aura, and his candle's flame between his horns was gold.
He was in only jeans, barefoot, and his true height. As he walked past me, I said nothing, but I gave the smallest nod. He returned it. "Brother." 
"Brother. I bring information." I motioned the man.
The way the throne room was made, was that there were 14 Seats, each throne held the family colors of each house, with Tyson's seat in the center. His was black and gold The long, black marble table in front of them had a brass nameplate of their names and rank. Above their heads was a mighty banner of each house's crest and the 14th seat was now permanently empty. It sat high on steps, that they looked down on us.
"Court is in session. I Tyson, King of the Wolves, acknowledge my dear brother. Speak." He waved his hand.
"I Kaizen, 1st General of the Horned One present a traitor. He was ordered, and sworn to serve. Sworn to secrecy but he breaks his vow for his King." I motioned Ink to speak.
"I have no house nor last name I am simply known as Ink. I have lived too long, and know too much. I speak as a servant assigned to the 14th Seat With his words, I was ordered to sneak in to the nursery and steal the pup of his majesty. Though I allowed myself to be captured. The Crown Prince is the most precious thing in this castle more than gold, more than any gem, I could have stole the crown it sits on a pillow in the vault, and I have a key, yet instead I broke my oaths and ran like a dog. I will die like one too, but I will die, go to hell, and be punished without the prince's blood on my hands." He said this looking Tyson in the eyes.
Mother sat in the 3rd seat She looked stern, steeled like an Alpha.
"When did he make this plot." Asked Tyson, resting his knuckles on his cheek. His eyes were like mine, black and red.
"After Lupe was killed. Cunnings wanted revenge But they also wanted to get into the Vault, to steal the heart of the King, and give it to the 12th seat, Yul Thompson, that he may sleep forever. They were going to do all this at the same time, to force his majesty to forge a similar deal. A deal like the one Brutus had He gained that through kidnapping the original 3rd Seat's mate"
"Tyson the King, more like the Zealot!" Yelled the 12th seat. "You are so *good and righteous* yet we do what must be done without question!" 
"Collect Cunnings and Thompson Shakira." Said Tyson. "I will behead them myself." 
He got up.
"No! HE LIES!" The 13th Seat screamed as the hyena shifters grabbed the arms of the two councilmen.
They were put in the center of the room, in front of the Shadow and myself. I said nothing, and watched. He got up slowly, with the flame flickering between his horns. It could not hide how livid he was If only his face could be seen one would think he was fine.
He spoke as he walked from the center of the table. Not a head was lifted Our anger could likely be tasted.
"I am not like my grandfather. I do not have patience for traitors. Had you taken my son, as the 3rd General of Hell, I would have killed every wolf, every man, every woman, every child, every Cow, Every Horse, Every Blade of Grass, Every Fucking Fly that Buzzes around the Cow's SHIT on your farms. Then I would take my son, and we would watch what was left burn. Nothing would grow there ever again. Never again will you be allowed to live. That is my sentence: Death."
He summoned a sword and shield. The sword was a black steel longsword, thin and wide, about 5 feet long. The runes on it were orange, as it was a mixture of red and gold. His shield was ornate. It showed the Horned One in all his glory, though the black iron also glowed orange..
They were made to kneel The swing of his sword made a swoosh that could be felt as he beheaded the 13th Seat. There was no hesitation there was no mercy. His head rolled, and wasn't done rolling. He beheaded the 12th seat, and both their heads stopped once it hit the left wall of the room.
"Now you." He pointed his blade at Ink.
"I want this mortal." I said stepping in front. "He broke his oath for us, I think it fair I give him my blood, so he is forever bound." 
###chapter 91
A/N: I have a twitter now. It's @InueWindwalker. I haven't posted anything tbh, but I thought it would be kind of cool to talk to you guys More than just the comment section.
Kaizen
Tyson stood there, debating my words. He motioned me to move over a step, and stared Ink in the eyes. He stood there a long time linking this wolf. Without warning he threw his sword, and the blade spun, stopping at the head of the 11th seat. 
His throne's top was cleaved from the backing, and the sword stopped only because behind the councilman was a wood wall It was Just above, even a hair lower, and Ken the Silent would have been beheaded. He got that name because his steps hold no sound. 
I'm sure now he'll have that name for an additional reason.
Tyson knew what he was doing. He missed on purpose. "
Take him; he will be more useful to you alive than burning Below." I said as a suggestion.
Without another word, the 11th seat was put on his knees before his king.
"I had nothing to do with this my lord." Said the 11th Seat. He looked at the bodies of his fellow council members, and his thoughts betrayed him.
"But you knew. You made no effort to tell me, so I will make no effort to show mercy." He sneered. "But I won't kill you I still need an odd number of seats. Hold his head." He commanded a random hyena shifter to hold the member down. He was strong enough to struggle, but the shifter frantically barked for help.
Tyson took his time getting there. He wanted him to squirm. They had Ken Right in front of the other Council, in front of Jang specifically. But I could tell he was broken a long time ago. Jang held his wrist, and a tattered, nearly hairless bracelet was stroked 
I believe that was what was left of his wife. He was a threat to Queen Harmony when we were all still very young. Xaxas destroyed Jang's entire pack. Every soul, except his mate was reaped and judged. The small piece of pelt kept her soul with him, and he was too lonely and selfish to part with it. 
His mistake was fucking with Xaxas; Ken's was playing games with my brother.
"Your majesty I was going to tell you! I swear it." Ken begged, and I let my charge watch. This could have been him, had he waited, kept quiet, or did what was ordered.
"Your voice annoys me." Tyson said with a low growl. 
Without a moment's hesitation, he pulled out his tongue. He didn't use his claws. He manually pulled it. It stretched until it bluntly ripped, and he screamed. He wound up shifting, being unable to hold his form, or control. His wolf was belly up, not caring how shameful it was to submit so lowly.
"Since your tongue was tied, I loosened it for you. Because you thought inaction was the same as innocence, may you learn now that it Is NOT." Tyson hissed. "Make sure he does not die. Get him out of my fucking sight."
"I ask you now, do any of you have any more games to play with a Horned Wolf?" I asked. 
I felt his anger, and it made me angered with him. The nerve of the lower houses. They do not work for the King. All they did was for themselves. Had there been any real truth to their work, I would have been inclined to speak up for them. They are blessed I shared my knowledge with Tyson. I'm sure news like this would have made him kill them all, even the loyal ones like Alpha Ronitus of LapisMoon, the Second Seat Beta of RoyalMoon.
The response was silence.
"My brother's warning should be heeded." He snarled. "While we're here, we may as well finish the rest of the meeting." 
Tyson surprised all but Ronitus a second time. They thought he would be merciful, he was not Then they assumed they would be dismissed, yet, with a flick of his wrist, his sword returned to his hand, and a single swish cleaned it of blood. He marched back up to his spot, and I decided it was time to leave.
My job in this room was to be a hand to help, and nothing else. The Crown Prince was likely in his mother's arms, or in a crib. I kind of wanted to see my nephew, but not while an assassin kneeled at my feet. Ink was no threat, but he could be taken as such.
"Drink my blood mortal, and be given mercy." I said biting my wrist.
"Of course master." Ink bowed. I kneeled to him, and let him become one of mine. I'd added another to the fold. He didn't deserve death if he would break his oath to serve his king. Had Tyson been a little less bloodthirsty, he would have probably pardoned him.
I could have also just waited an hour or two for him to calm down, but instead I watched the life of this man. He was Good at his job, being on par with his teacher's pupils. He learned all he knew through Shadow Alpha Xavier, their elder, though I also saw in his memories that particular elder stepped down to retire. His younger brother Xander held ShadowMoon now, but that was all he knew.
Their pack was small and secretive. It only had about 500 members, and they moved between 5 states on a rotation every 100 years. Long enough to establish themselves, but not long enough to get too attached. This male was ineligible to be an elder, since he was still active duty. However, had he retired, he'd be on their Shadow Council.
He passed out and I caught him. I slung him over my shoulder.
"What will you do with him?" Asked Ronitus, the Second Seat. 
His son sat between him and Tyson. John was no longer in training, being older than me by a few decades, but his chair's position in that spot gives John permission to speak. Typically heirs to seats did not attend meetings, we had our own. Or should I say they? Mother technically didn't need an heir, being unable to die, but if she wanted me to take the position again, I would.
"As you know, I hold Jack the Slasher. He is an undeveloped shadow, and needs a teacher. With Ink and Jack, I have two full fledged shadow wolves at my disposal. I borrow Eternya as my watchman. Since ink is neutralized, I think I'll see my nephew, Uncle Asanguis too if he's still here, and go home." I said sternly.
Tyson smiled. "When you do, bring my mate to me before you go." 
"Alright." I said leaving.
It took me no time to find the Queen. She was in the gardens outside. Asanguis watched her, while the other Lunas of the Wolf Court held their meeting outside. He held little Lustros, who was too teeny-weeny to do anything more than crawl around on the grass when he was put down. It made me want to let him meet his cousins and all of them could have a playdate.
----Willow---
"What am I going to do with you?" I asked a little overwhelmed 
They screamed bloody murder, but it was pretty cute They didn't want to be wet, but they made a bit of a mess of themselves. Vexterios  He missed the puppy pad after feeding and Aristaeus wiggled around and got himself covered head to toe in milk Gods they were so messy. My little one shivered on the towel while I tried to hurry up with his brother, but I didn't know where to start?! I put Aristaeus in my lap as best as I could to warm him, but I still had to deal with Vexterios. Damn it.
They'd been messy before but this was ridiculous.
 The tub's water was only an inch deep at the Most, because they were too small. I couldn't trust putting them in the tub They can't hold their breath yet, see, or hear well.
I had Aristaeus on a towel while I finished off Vexterios.
"You should have waited for Kaizen." Said Bryson.
"Why WHY does everyone always pop up behind me?" I complained. I jumped damn near out of my skin, and he chuckled. 
"Sorry. Unlike the others, I teleport nearly blind. I felt the little ones were afraid. I came to check." He motioned them. Aristaeus was trying to escape. He was scooped up before he could leave the towel though.
" Thanks for the concern Do you think you could help? I told Eternya I could handle it." I said sheepishly.
He took off his shirt, and kneeled in front of the tub. He swished his hand around in the water. Bryson He kind of just felt like my dad. I was completely comfortable with him here, and honestly. I appreciated it.
"The water's a tad too hot, and little Ari is too cold. They can't really warm themselves up easily, not yet." He said with a soft smile. I saw his mark and the tattoo on his chest of a hammer in a circle. It pulsed red as he held his grandson I believe that was his symbol of godhood. 
"I guess I'll dry off Aristaeus and you can finish Vexterios." I giggled.
"Oh no, I'm *Grandpa*. That's *Your* job." He grinned. "I'm here to just monitor little Ari and Vexi."
"Oh damn it." I complained 'Ari and Vexi' That was Cute but what wasn't was the mess my little one made. I thought I was done, but no, I wasn't. He decided now was the perfect time to use the toilet on me! He missed the puppy pad so badly While Ari was covered formally head to toe in cold water I thought I'd dried him good enough.. "Where do I even start?"
Bryson chuckled as he dried Aristaeus. "Get that washcloth and add the tear free soap. Never leave them in the water or put them in the tub if you're not Right there. They can't swim, and won't be able to until they're a little older."
"Right." I said following his instructions.
"Now, you take him and gently rub him down, using the rag to get more water. Here I'll take out the plug and run some warm fresh water." He chuckled.
Vexterios complained, but I got him clean. It was hard to fight the urge to console him, but I pushed through. He was wrapped in a towel, and I waited for the next bit of instructions in case I needed to do something else.
"How's that?" I asked.
"Perfect. Let me show you how to put them to bed a little easier."  Bryson said softly, and Clearly amused at this.
He gently took Vexterios and put them both on the bed. He rubbed them between the horns until they stopped squeaking. Bryson's wolfspeach was deep and rich. He spoke with a passive authority that made you listen.
[There, there little ones.  You should speak to them in wolf speech about as much as you speak English When they come of age to go to school, they should be appointed an assistant who can write for them. They will learn so fast They will be so small, then one day they will be men, and you will miss the times when they fit in your hand.]
He kissed each on the top of their heads. "I'm glad I came. I know Kaizen is at the castle right now, and he speaks with his brother and sister-in-law."
###chapter 92
Willow
My father in law sat in my rocking chair. It was just a cheap wooden one from Arrowzon, but it was made for shifters. I sat on the bed next to my little ones, and I broke the silence.
"Thank you for helping me." I said rubbing Aristaeus one last time between his little horn nubs.
"Anytime. Family is important to wolves.  But since all this started, I barely feel like a werewolf anymore." He said looking out the window.
"It's important to everyone and I especially want to thank you for letting me see my family." I said quietly. He smiled softly.
"Xaxas does not know what it's like to be mortal. He doesn't need food, air, water, not even sleep. He doesn't really know what pain is, or how it works. It's an inconvenience for him . "
"Really?" I asked. Bryson nodded.
"Experiencing those things is kind of like a novelty, or party trick for Xaxas. He was born knowing who he was and his purpose I ran around the woods as a nuisance youth, then later a Rogueeven a prisoner. I Know what it is like to be tired, sick, poisoned, hungry, cold He would not help you. I could not stand there and see you so upset. You're my pup too." He admitted.
I wasn't surprised on knowing that about his brother, but I was surprised that he shared. Bryson was a man of few words, and mighty actions.
"You don't have to say anything. I know you're pretty tongue-tied at the moment." He chuckled. "Are you still in pain?" 
"I still feel the incision from time to time." I admitted. "Nothing like the first few days, but I was told to take it easy, be careful shifting, and not to exercise or lift anything heavy for a while. It's physically healed, but still sore, and will be a while."
He nodded firmly. "The reason you fair better than Isabelle did, was because you were monitored, and when something went wrong, my father was there already"
"Did people not want to summon him or something? When he appears he poses as a doctor." I said not trying to give too much away in case he wasn't supposed to know either. 
"Aye. People they have a hard time trusting us, you may see soon enough." He said cryptically.
"I was taught all things dark were evil, and not to trust the Horned One's children. All I've seen though is that looks are deceiving." I said truthfully.
"They are, but that's also Good advice for a human. All who are not marked, my father does not care for and demons love their work." He warned. 
One very light tap was on the threshold of the door.
"Master." Waved Eternya. "It's important." He whisper-yelled.
"Relax; I need to go check something." Bryson said firmly.
"I can do that." I pointed to Eternya, who kept waving at him at the threshold of the door.
"Don't worry about it. They just found a rat in the woods." Bryson said leaving with him.
-----Eternya-----
"I want a report Eternya." Said the youngest master. Lord Bryson was just as impatient as his older brother with about the same amount of bloodthirst.
"The town is secure, and I have the priest alive, in the basement." I motioned him to follow me.
I hated to put him down there were the lower ranked wolves slept, but I had no choice. I am tasked with watching one of the master's females. It would be unwise to leave with her so injured, and her babes without teeth.
"For fuck's sake. Get away from him." I growled at the curious teens who were asking him questions. 
"Sorry!" They shouted running off. 
Had the old man not been bound, I had no doubt that all of them would be dead. His mouth was bound so he could not shout cantrips, his hands were bound AND separated, a detail most forget. Holy magic can call upon the flame of the sun, and had his hands been together, if his faith was strong enough, even iron chains would be melted.
This priest had an X on his neck, but that didn't mean his god abandoned him after the church did. Excommunicado was stamped into his neck with that X, but he still smelled holy. He was about as olive skinned as me, with silver hair. He looked I think 80, maybe 90. He was covered in liver spots and his eyes were cataracted 
I bet in his youth, this one was a fine soldier of the light, but now in his time of old age, they abandoned him. I would gain any information I could. The pups who lived in the basement they will have to sleep on the couch tonight. I already put some plastic on the floor to keep the rugs clean. I'm sure Lord Kaizen would probably chew me out if I ruined anything here.
"Mortal you will be given a chance because torturing you will be delicate and tedious. Why are you here?" I barked. I was going to start with toes, but his majesty held up his left hand.
"Do not harm the human." Said Lord Bryson.
I bowed. "I overstep. He is your kill my lord."
". What did I find?" Asked the mortal. "What did I find so important, that the Bird King is here and who are You for him to submit to you?" He asked Lord Bryson.
"The father of the Alpha you found." Said Lord Bryson. I was surprised he'd say anything the young master, or the old master especially would have skinned him alive for such a tone. It angered me. 
"I ask you one more time; What are you doing here?" I demanded.
"Eternya, have a seat over there. You're too amped." He commanded. 
With a bow I reluctantly sat my wife must have known I was down here. She was the one who saw him as she rode her broom She silently hugged my neck, and I kissed her hand. 
"How about we start like this." Bryson got a small chair, and it creaked under his stature. "I am Bryson, last born of the Horned One. Who are you?" He asked patiently.
"I am Terry Fisher, former XII Sect Hunter, Excommunicado. My crime was killing the unclean." He grumbled.
"The Unclean?" Repeated Lord Bryson. I knew what those were supernatural creatures They often called those of demon blood unclean  Something told me he wasn't referring to that though
"The children of my Lord who do not kneel. They play with magic, or worse, they cavort with the damned. One such soul is here. I was attracted to the presence of such a soul, as well as my people who are imprisoned.. There is no bounty for this one, nor was there one for the last harlot I encountered. They punished me. They are Blind." He hissed.
"Oh, you're one of *those*." said Lord Bryson. "You disobey, then whine like a kicked dog for biting the hand that feeds you." 
"I do not Bite! I Aide!" He yelled. "I know you are a Devil. If I wasn't bound, If I were younger, I'd have killed you lot already." 
"Do you think the church would want this one back to burn themselves?" Asked Lord Bryson. 
"I'll fetch Sentinel my lord." Bowed Elinore. I watched her ass as she went up the stairs. When I get off work, I'm taking her to the movies or something. Maybe buy her a fluffy bear toy and flowers. Girls like those.
It only took about 5 minutes, and Sentinel looked stern. His wings were out, and the priest thought he was saved, however, we in the room knew he wasn't.
"He was flying over the house." Said Elinore.
"Well yeah, I don't want to make friction. I sensed the Priest." Sentinel took one look at him, and the half angel sneered. "You disobey the master."
"The master taught us to-" The former Priest was cut off.
"I'll take him to the Ring." Said Sentinel. He grabbed the chair. He began to drag it up the stairs.
"What? NO!" Yelled the priest. His heartbeat out his chest. "They're monsters! Are you not one of the Lord's chosen?"
"I am, though you are a fool. We were told to leave the innocent be, and you can't leave well enough alone."
"I do the work." The Priest said firmly.
"The Wrong work." Scoffed Sentinel. "Lord of Justice you may relax. He got past me because I expected him to come to the office, not linger in the woods." He bowed.
Lord Bryson nodded. "I understand. You think you do good, thinking all of us are evil. Just as all of you aren't 'good', we aren't all 'evil'. But this is Sanctuary now. Your actions are prohibited. Good job Eternya, Elinore." Said Lord Bryson. 
I had been acknowledged.. Me and my wife bowed.  "Anytime sir." I said quietly.
We all heard the decree from the old master. The Horned One does not want Priest's blood on our hands, and the Church is at least somewhat serious if they kicked him out for this. They cannot just raze supernatural dens to the ground anymore, just as I cannot burn cities, or harm humans in general
The law was kept on both ends. I think in all my years, that was the thing that surprised me.
###chapter 93
Kaizen
I returned home to the house surrounded by Secret Police and fucking angels.
The Fucking Church Was Here!
"OH WHAT *NOW*?" I pulled my hair with my free hand. Ink was still passed out, slung over my shoulder.
"Watch out, his majesty looks pissed." Said an officer They were all hanging out It made me relax a little The 10 priests were sharing doughnuts, while their leader wore white gloves. He spoke with a dark crimson haired Chief of Police. 
The Father was the most ornately dressed, wearing all white instead of just a white collar. If I had to guess, I'd say he was about 75 or 80.  He had white hair and skin just as pale The Chief scented like a unicorn, also being pretty pale but that particular coat color was only for bicorns, the defiled unicorns. This one had to be born on a red moon. That was the only way his exposed crystal horn was still pure and shiny.
I swallowed my instincts I sensed father; no one was hurt. The only emotion I got from these people, was peace.. 
 I teleported over there, and I was handed a report a Rogue priest was dispatched by Sentinel. and the priests came in person to apologize. I handed it to the unicorn officer in disbelief.
"Holy shit." I mumbled.
"Bet you thought we came to make trouble. I'm Father Terrance Ripley, head of Sect XII." He said shaking my wrist His touch made me uneasy, but didn't burn. He purposefully wore the gloves to be considerate.
"You mean XIII?" I said almost as a question.
"No, we're the Paranormal Team, if that makes sense. We deal more with supernatural spiritual anomalies if you will." He said being handed a doughnut box. "Want one?" He put one in my hand, being mindful, having it in a napkin for me.
"I don't like sweets." I complained eating it.
Tradition demands I eat what I am served in situations like this. He was extending a proverbial olive branch, and I took it. It was just a glazed one, so I'd only get a little indigestion.
"Sorry. I assume your condition as a royal blood makes it hard to eat this stuff. Don't worry; it'll go to my thighs." He chuckled. Gods damn it The dad joke made me smile.
I was becoming my father.
"So I assume you're here for more than the apology." I said walking with him.
"You hold the attention of all XIII Sects. Along with your puppies. Lord I want to hold one." He complained out loud "Wait that isn't racist or something is it?" 
"No." I said firmly. "Let's go to my office."
I led him past the flabbergasted pack, and put Ink on the floor next to me when we got up there. I could understand it
"Read this." He passed me documents. 
The manilla folder held within it a decree from *Every* Royal House . They were signed by Rodrick, the Holy Seat, Uriel, and the High Archangel Micheal, the mightiest of them. I care not to meat someone like him. Royal stamps from every king laid in my hands.
This was in the Realm King's writing. The Scales were in the top center, while all others were ink-stamped below his in three rows.
"What is this?" I asked.
"Read it." He smiled.
 All our lives no matter how long humans were Food They were Not to be trusted. 
*They were The Enemy who would kill your family, and lay the rest upon the accursed Ring* 
.
Now, they were allies in maintaining this world. 
"By royal decree, no mortal, supernatural, nor creature shall interrupt the Declaration of Sanctuary. War is prohibited in any form, though, the secrecy of creatures: supernatural or magical in nature are permitted existence. This also includes all of divine blood, as I, the Realm King, deem it a bit much for mortals to know this.
The disruption of the flow of this world is prohibited, as is the revelation of the existence of private citizens.
From this day forward, All newly captured mortals of free origin are no longer permitted to be subject to supernatural captivity, unless it deemed by the authorities that may, that it is the most humane condition. 
To aid this, The Stamp of Sol, the invention of King Uriel of the Unicorns will be placed upon the necks of all who are free, but compromised. Should they be stamped on the neck, and the Sign of the Sun disappear, it means that they will not remember the supernatural encounter 
However, the Sol Stamp may only be used once per person in their lifetime. To be caught twice is to die. That is fair.
All supernaturals are to be released, and pardoned if there is no evidence that they are a threat. All mortals from this day forward are to remain ignorant, but free should they find out. They are prohibited from speaking out, and should they, then they will be collected.
No supernatural is to be culled without judgment.
No mortal is to be captive unless deemed necessary.
Lost humans are to be shown the way as passively as possible. Lost, intoxicated, compromised, or otherwise innocent humans are given the protection of King Uriel, and the Peace of the Sol Stamp created by King Uriel, that they be on their way.
No innocent human is to be harmed for merely the threat of knowing. They must be processed Fairly by the Law, regardless of ability to remember or comprehend the gravitas of the situation. In the event of inability, they may be sent, or collected by the Church for conditioning and release. This will be done using the Sol Stamp.
The Church of the Sun is Sovereign. The Secret Police are responsible for keeping the peace. The Kings manage the Old Ones, and the Realm King Rules you all.
Any being caught as a Hunter Will Be Executed. Any being who breaks this law will be executed. Any being under the threat of death will obey, or they will be delivered to King Xaxashevaal, God of Judgment. I already deem them unworthy of breath. They will not draw a single one more should I have to leave my duties, and waste my time to deal with them.
If I am pestered with little mortals who will not listen, they will learn I am not to be played with." 
The last part sent a chill down my back
Now we may be secret. But in our secrecy, we could Truly be in peace. The threat of the Hunter or Church is over. Headhunters were already outlawed, but those who still don't comply will be hunted themselves.. And I assume any Church who still wish to mindlessly cull the innocent will also be hunted, like the Father that came to my pack.
We wouldn't let the general population know of us. But now. Oh my lord and lady my children could know what real peace felt like!
Sitting in my chair realizing this made me happier than I let on...
Real peace not a cease fire 
Not a Treaty to be Hounded over.
"Lord Kaizen?" Asked Father Terrance.
".Would you like to meet my mate and pups?" I asked. "Only if my mate is alright with it."
"I can't WAIT to rub it in Father Remmi's face!" He beamed.
I stood up. "If there is to be peace, let them see we supernaturals mean our words and seals."
Father was in my bedroom; I could hear his heartbeat faster than mine. He was raised like a werewolf, and hunted by everyone, wolves and mortal alike.
He looks a little too supernatural to fit in with mortals. The red eyes he was born with bring fear to werewolves His ears are slightly pointed, and his claws cannot fully retract. That was from being born on the red moon He even has an inner wolf, Venerable: King of the Forest. The black eyes of his wolf do not exist with our people He was born an outcast, given Nothing and I am the Prince who would lead the charge in this peace.
"Son, these are your children. I am not sure." He said seriously. 
"Yes, and I think it good they know not the taste of Man if they are to live in this world. Not as I did Not so soon." I tasted men when I was still young, oddly enough I don't remember the age. I think I was an adult. But now that I have, I can never go back to being ignorant of their flavor again
He put his massive hands on my shoulders. "I will be right behind you I must let you be a man."
"I heard the proclamation and I saw how serious everyone is." Said Willow. "My instincts scream 'no' but I trust you." She said quietly. 
I kissed her on the forehead my pups slept on our bed My people lived a floor under me My father stood there next to me. If anything happened, I had other hands to lend aid.
"Then let it be known that the 1st General of Hell was the First to lay down his bow." I said kissing her softly. I scooped up my pups
Now my heart raced Fuck I put my foot in my mouth. The desire to turn around and change my mind was strong but I know I was doing the right thing. I could almost feel an invisible hand on each shoulder one was warm, the other cold.
I took them downstairs, outside. The sun was out and a little warmer than it was a few moments ago Scary.
The Priest, the Chief of Police, and the Pack saw my babies. People pulled out their phones Everyone was taking pictures, or recording 
Behind me was the God of Retribution, and beside me was my mate.
"They're precious." Said Father Terrance. I resisted my instincts to hide them or be aggressive... I had since I first saw them.
"They are. I raise them now in peace With REAL peace." I boomed. There were claps. "I know Uriel and Rodrick I Know Herculian. I I still don't believe it." I said hesitating. "But for their sakes I do this. Meet my son, The Right Paw."
I put Vexterios in the gloved hand of the priest. He was still asleep. He had no idea what the fuck was going on. He's a puppy. The only thing he knew right now was to drink milk and piss on my shirts, not that this moment was being photographed, or that this was history in the making.
"This is an honor I do not deserve This should be Uriel or Rodrick standing here maybe lord Herculian or someone else I do not feel worthy to be this trusted, but I will do my best to keep it." He handed my son back, who snored.
They were given to their mother, who instinctively took them.
"Why do they have to be so cute?" Asked Willow. She didn't know what she was doing, but rubbing her chin on him put her scent on them both.
"Because pups are way cuter than babies." I chuckled. 
The absurdity of wolves born without human shape If I wasn't one myself, I still wouldn't think it was possible.
The point of this was that I am the Highest Rank in Hell besides my father and uncles That I shook hands with a priest and angels That I let one of them hold them. That could have NEVER been done before today
 Never.
It just wasn't possible until now to trust a human like that There is a certain sense of relief one gets from this. I'm going to raise my sons to abstain from mortal flesh. I'm going to have them be raised with Herculian son, and they shall be as brothers. Because even if war does break out Uriel, Herculian and many others are Olny on this world, so they won't have to fight them. Well maybe Uriel since he is a champion but at least it won't be on Urth.
At least here they can live happy lives one without worry of the pack being razed, or headhunters knocking at our doors

###chapter 94
A/N: Enjoy the long ###chapter. Work has me busy with new tasks, and Tyson has me busy because I decided to redo a bunch... XC
Kaizen
"Master there is a mortal at the door." Said Jack while I was doing a census and audit of the pack. That bullshit takes forever, and my Beta was in his room. Ace freaked out that he didn't do it right, which he didn't, but he would learn.
This place was turning into a town.. It really was I had 2,000 applications in front of me. This was a welcome break.
"Send him up. Do him no harm." I said casually. 
My pups wiggled around the middle of the floor. They were two months now, and their eyes were still closed. I believe mine opened when I was 4 or 5 months, since we developed slowly. Then one day, we kind of just started growing. Willow sat on the floor with them, letting them chew the toys we bought. I looked forward to their troublemaking. I know I gave mom a run for her money come bath time when I was small.
"Delivery from King Uriel." Said a mortal currier. 
The 40 year old man held a slight smile, but I knew by his appearance that he'd traveled a long way, likely from Uriel's Origon, summer castle. He was thin and disheveled looking. His curly dyed blue hair was messy, as if he didn't sleep. His hazel eyes were bloodshot. I could only assume he went to every pack, as there were multiple sent by him. 
I opened the box he handed to me. It was even sealed with a wax stamp on the paper wrapping, to ensure that the package was untampered with.
I finally got the special stamp delivered by the human. Uriel designed this with of all people the Beast Prince, possibly the smartest man alive. He invented and tinkered with both flesh and magic I could scent the magic from it.
"How does this thing work?" I asked the man. He was a nervous mortal. New faces were with people like me.
"You just press it to the neck of the human. It will erase all knowledge of the supernatural up to 2 years, and replace their memories with human ones. For example, most think that they were kidnapped, and released if it's over a week. For others, like if they're gone a day, they just got sidetracked like a car breaking down it can only work *once* though, so use it with caution." He bowed.
I nodded my head so he could rise. "Good. Stay as my guest." I said more as a command than a suggestion.
"I just need a nap." He said trying to sound stoic, but he looked relieved.
"I'll take you to the human zone myself. But do NOT leave after sundown. There are four ghouls here now." I warned.
"You don't have to tell me twice." He looked pretty freaked out. 
"I'll watch the pups. The boys will protect me" Said Willow happily. "Isn't that right lil Ari." She picked him up, and he wagged his tail. He could hear us now, but they were still too small to really do much more.
Ghouls of all the undead were the most unpredictable. They don't go after supernaturals, but he was mortal. They Need human flesh, bone and brains to live with some semblance of control. Those that don't become zombies It takes a while, but I wouldn't risk a subject of Uriel like that.
With a kiss goodbye, I left my mate with our pups. I got in the passenger side of the human's car.
"I'm Herb Meadows." He shook my wrist.
"I'm Kaizen Charred." I chuckled. 
"No long winded titles?" He joked.
"Nah, that stuff's for old people." I countered. "When you get to the light make a left."
"What's it like in Hell?" He blurted. He figured that he wouldn't be able to ask this again, so he went for it.
"Different on every layer. Each one is designed not *just* for torment, but also penance It is painful mentally and physically. Some go mad; those are thrown in the Pit. There are others who refuse to change; they do too. Those who repent are transferred to the Romanesque city of Repentance. There they may live almost like mortals here, or play the lottery to be reincarnated and try again. But there is no second return Should they fuck up while reincarnated, they go *straight* to the pit."  I warned.
" That sounds kind of fair. 
"It's as fair as it can be. They must confront the wrongs they have done, and experience them as their victims do Time isn't even the same A few hours up here is years, even decades Below. One could be whipped a thousand years, only to realize it was actually about a thousand minutes, or a few hours that passed on UrthTime down there is completely up to the Horned One.But you have no worries other than dying before your wife." I said bluntly.
"When I found out, I accepted her for all she is. I was 19, and she was 876 She hasn't aged a day. I'm 97 now. People think I'm her father. I don't look it, but I won't be here forever." He smiled. "My only regret is that I could do nothing when the goblins took Mynt. She was green you know. Green as grass; 9 years old. We almost named her Clover." He chuckled. "I named my son that, since he's green too. My youngest, Sunburst is orange. Those are rare colors for her people " he smiled. "Both of them are married to unicorns, though they did it for love."
"I won't turn you." I said firmly. "Make a right there. It's that building." 
"I don't want immortality if it means we'll still get separated later anyway. But thank you for at least mentioning it. You're a good person. Don't let anyone steal that from you." He said pulling over.
"I just try to be better than what people want or expect." I said truthfully. "You, a human, sit next to the grandson of your people's greatest enemy. An enemy who uses me to audit his people, that this never happens again." I gave him my phone number. "I can teleport. Should anyone ever try to take a child's horn again. I will hopefully be able to save them." 
This angered me more than I let on. I knew why too. Goblins as helpful as they have been for me, are torment for unicorns
"That sounds hard." He mumbled. "It sounds like you go against your nature Thank you."
Doing what's right is hard It's so *easy* for someone like me So easy to do cruel things for revenge, or cruelty's sake. To hate is easy to do things in the name of your master is easy too.. That's someone to place the blame on. It's hard to keep the killing part of all this separate, and protect all beneath me. 
"There is more responsibility to this power than any mortal could ever realize But for their sake I collect those who disobey." I said getting out the car. He said nothing, mulling over my statement.
We were met by Sentinel. He was in his armor, wings and passively had his hand on his sword. He enjoyed being in his true uniform, as honestly, it did look cool I could get why someone would prefer that over a plain old mortal cloth one.
"Kaizen you better not be detaining that human." He warned.
"I actually just got the object Uriel made. I mean to let Mr. Meadows rest in peace and safety, protected by the town's protector." I said like an announcer at a wrestling event. He scowled. "Come on that was a *little* funny." I elbowed him.
". I liked it better when we were enemies with a common cause." He huffed. "It's downstairs. I can take it from here." 
"Alright. I need to check on some things." I said teleporting.
That was So convenient I was all the way across the country in the time it takes to blink one's eyes. I checked on my sister. I landed on the roof of their condo. She resided in Indianapoly. The skyscraper was the tallest in town, and from up here, I could see dragons fly by. It took all of one minute for the only child of the Wind Goddess to meet me up here.
"Oh Kaizen It's you." Said Aureus. The scales on his face and neck told me that he was seconds away from shifting.
"I should have called but I wanted to see the pup." I smiled.
"The whelp." He corrected. "He's so fucking small. Come see." He motioned. I followed him to their lavish condo. Not a thing was out of place, and nearly all the rooms except the bedrooms were open concept. 
"What the FUCK is that thing?!" I asked as a little white animal rubbed its body on my leg. It was Too fluffy I bet it brushed its fur regularly.
"You've never seen a cat before?" He questioned.
"Not in person" I admitted. [Do you speak cat?] I asked, kneeling down to extend the back of my hand to this small shifter. Cat dialect is spoken, not hissed or growled as much as wolf.
Meow.
"What dose that mean?" I asked. He licked my hand and rubbed himself on my knuckles "That's weird. Don't do that sir."
I got laughed at by them both.
"Nothing. Cats are domesticated pets. I KNOW you've seen one before." Said Aureus. 
"It isn't the same as TV!" I complained. A golden something crashed into my shirt.
The boy flew into my arms. He was wet and soapy. He looked so pitiful I'd think he needed help.
"Get back here!" complained Grace. He managed to get under my t-shirt. His little claws clung to me as if she were torturing him.
"Sorry lil' guy." I chuckled. "Zolotos, The Mighty One, the Strong One, the Charred One A pup with three titles." I mumbled. "Neat."
"Technically two." Said Aureus. "Mighty and Strong are kind of the same thing The difference is that the 'Strong' title is passive, but the 'Mighty' title is activated when you need it most. Your father thinks he'll be comparable to HerculianMaybe even Uriel." 
"Aureus, if you make my nephew some battle ready zealot. I'll kill you myself." I said petting him on the nose. I didn't like his wording, nor did my sister. 
To be a dick I let my nephew be free. He flapped with all his might, only flying about 4 feet off the ground at light jogging speed.
"And I'll Help." Huffed Grace. "Come here Zuzu." She cooed, but the cheeky dirty pup knew what she was up to; the dreaded 'b' word: bath. She managed to get him, but he wiggled, trying to escape.
[No!] he squealed in draconic before she got him between the horns Damn She turned him off. He calmed. He was so shiny that he glittered in the light. The pup, or rather whelp, was pure gold. Of all our children, he would likely be the most in danger
"How *Cruel*" I said shaking my head. "I'm surprised he can talk though." I commented.
"Dragons are born more like a strange combination of toddler and baby. They don't know anything but they are picky, fussy, and they're born eating meat." He smiled. 
"Herculian told me that the same thing happens to fae." I mumbled.
"He's right. Unicorns can shift by three months, most times sooner, and instinctually run away from danger. I think Hyena shifters too, but their children can because they can and will fight to the death. No matter their form, they're born with teeth."
"Oh I didn't know that." I mumbled.
"Samira told me." Said Aureus picking up the cat. "And no getting into my son's plate again you little shit."
It meowed.
"I mean it. Snow if you keep this up, I'll demote you to whelp cleaner." He put him back down, and it lazily walked off to a cat tree.
"What do cats do?" I asked.
"Eat, shit, eat, then throw up stuff KNOWING they can't eat it, scream at 3am, chew my *custom* $300 headphones I got Yesterday." Aureus looked super pissed at him, but pet his head gently. "And purr. That's their secret weapon. They're so cute here." He put it in my arms.
It vibrated. 
"I get it." I said with a nod. 
"Snow is Zuzu's little-big brother." Joked Aureus. "Him holding Snow is going to be the Royal postcard this year." 
When I put him down, he led me to his food bowl and did the 'meow' thing again. "Little creature do you want some chicken?" There was a can labeled as such, but both Grace And the Dragon King stopped me.
"Don't feed him!" Shouted Grace.
"He lies!" Shouted Aureus.
It rubbed my legs and *really* acted like it was starving.  I found treats. "Can he have one of these?" I asked. Next to the can of 'wet' food, was a little yellow bag labeled Tempting. It did smell like its name.
"Those are my snacks. You better not!" Yelled Grace. It said 'Chicken Bites' . I ate one without her permission.
"Bleh! You Ass!" I screamed. That wasn't chicken it was probably dried cat food! "This tastes like grandma's!" 
She laughed so hard she had to put her son down. He flew around her and landed on her while she thought she was *so* funny. At least the beer Aureus gave me took away the taste.

###chapter 95
Kaizen
I left with a photo of my nephew holding Snow. One day he will be a strong, fearsome dragon. But for now, he was incredibly small, maybe 6 pounds if I had to guess.
I'd put it on my desk, along with the ones I have of my kids. This was fun other than being reminded of the horrors of the Moon Goddess She doesn't know it but even the 300 foot behimoth demons are terrified of her cupcakes more than they are of me.
They are draconic in appearance with kind of the shape of a bull. Technically they are a mishmash of animals. They have the head of a dragon, and their black iron scales look like a crocodile's. They also have eagle's talons, and a stocky body like a bull, along with serrated bull's horns that are ribbed, like a ram's. Their dragon tail ends in a spiked club.
These creatures are gigantic, designed to topple castles and melt the earth with lava breath
Some even have wings During the war they were sent to bring terror from on the ground and in the sky. Hajroomond, the largest of them, is about 2,000 feet tall, and holds a mortal visage of an old, 100 year old cloaked man while off duty even he trembles at the *mention* of her red velvet cake.
But to be fair if they upset her, they upset Hell's king. 
Regardless I did want to visit, but it was best that I didn't. I half expect my paternity leave would be brought into question if I went down there too much. I rather enjoy being able to dart around and do as I please. I was only gone about an hour anyway.
I ended up in the human area of town, though I was wondering could this actually be a viable place for them to live. They have Sentinel watching over them, so it scares the undead away. But the issue isn't husbandry or safety it's more of an ethical one.
They broke the law as hunters, so I technically could do as I pleased with them, but should we find others, I don't want them to have a den of vipers underground.  Real hunters by now would have escaped and plotted revenge. 
I saw the leader of the hunters, Lt. Daniel. 
"Hey!" He waved to flag me down. I didn't know if I was going to talk to him, since I could have asked Sentinel, but whatever.
"Hey. Any issues down here?" I asked.
"Other than the sausage fest, no." He joked. "I do thank you though my men and me, we kind of knew the risks and gambled back then. If this is the best we get, then it isn't all that bad."
"I know you mis your families, but they all live good lives." I pulled my phone out my back pocket, and found Jack's texts. Sending him, and ordering him to return without killing anyone, nor shedding blood was a purposeful challenge. 
"Can you give me printouts of these? We don't have phones anymore." He complained.
"Alright. You all do me a service by being down here. As hunters, your lives are forfeit even by the Church's order. But the angels only reside here because of human habitation. The Realm King has ordered this world Sanctuary. It means that angels and demons are not to fight on this world, and Hunters are hunted by everyone Even the Lords of Light and Night agreed that their wives do not suffer." He looked at me in disbelief.
"Wow then we *really* fucked up" He looked at the dirt. "Well, we have beer and bbq night. We got room for one more." He said casually. "Come join us and watch some WWF."
"I bet Ace wouldn't mind the break too. He's been working hard making sure all the new arrivals are good fits." I said thinking out loud. 
"And I helped everyone make peace with our situation I bet seeing these photos will help too." Said Daniel.
"They will. Everyone is safe." I said walking with him.
I texted Ace. I also Followed Daniel to their house. There were about 10 down here. 5 on either side of a street that was made. It took a lot of magic to get this done, but they likely didn't know that.
When I went into their home, I had to bend my head down to enter their doorway. This house was made for humans, not me. 
"Jake, get Kaizen a chair." Said Daniel.
"Alright boss." He said already drunk. He slurred his words. Jake originally was the defiant one I was glad to see that he came 'round.
"We do this every weekend. It's fun. During the week, we keep the place up. The mini town down here is pleasant, and the unicorns are really nice." Said Dan.
"I couldn't trust anyone else." I said firmly. "The fucked up part is that if you weren't imprisoned for hunting, I could have released you." I complained.
"We heard about the law through Sentinel." Said Dan. "What sucks most is that I know my kids by now hate me."
"They don't hate you." I said shaking my head. I kind of wanted to return them, but then I'd still have to find more. The only humans who would be eligible are hunters. More competent ones
"Their mother has to work now. I was lucky enough to have a good job before this 'one last job' you know My life insurance won't pay out-" I cut him off.
"Hold on." I said pulling out my phone. "Do you all have a popular insurance? I can have that arranged through Wix. And if he can't I can personally wire about a half million each to your families."
"Why would you do that?" Asked I believe his name was Tony. He was the one who argued with Jack back then.
"Because I can, and I want to." I said simply. "Also I don't think it right that I literally made a town down here for you all, yet your families who have done nothing struggle." I also didn't admit that I didn't think too much of the repercussions of taking humans from their homes. These men were major breadwinners. Some of their wives and girlfriends had jobs of course, but taking away the other half of someone's income would hurt financially AND emotionally 
-----Willow------
"You better not fucking lose Eternya." Growled Xaxas.
"I WON'T! GO LITTLE ONE!" He screamed excitedly He was winning.
The living room was full, and bets were placed. Even the Realm King was here to witness this. The God of the Dead was here to reap the loser just in case. I would not lose.
"I'm not leaving from up here until I see someone eat a slice." Said the Herold of the Horned One. He was so powerful that he was only allowed to be on Urth for no longer than 3 hours a week, but he said he'd waste all of it to see the face of the loser
"GO Vex!" I held a dollar bill in my hand while my boys wiggled to me. I flapped it around and the pack enjoyed Eternya's idea.
"Go Ari!" yelled Eternya. "My taste buds are riding on you!" 
My little ones were put on the floor, and meant to wiggle across the living room carpet to me. If Vexterios 'won', Eternya and Xaxas had to try the cake delivered to us by Apythmenos., if Aristaeus won, he got the day off, and *I* had to do it with the Herald.
The 'red velvet' cake was. was. 
It was a cake.
The damn thing held an aura to it that activated my instincts. It *WASN'T* food it was torture.
They didn't know what was happening, but I hoped this would end before my mate got home. I doubt he'd appreciate our sons being used this way and I was too competitive to let this go. I was not going to eat that if I could help it Even Xaxas didn't want it. I've seen that man eat a whole wrack of beef ribs in one go.
They squeaked as they wiggled to me, but they also kind of just piled onto each other. I took pictures and Gilbert filmed it for me, but it wasn't enough. They were my boys. One day I'll show them this ridiculousness, and I know they'll probably get a good laugh out of it.
Then Ari won. He bumped into my leg while his brother had hold of his tail.
"NO!" screamed the Herold. "FUCK!" 
I pulled my hair my little ones licked my hands when I picked them both up. "Give me a slice!" I said dramatically. "I am a girl no longer. Today I am a Warrior!" I stood like this was a cheesy anime. Everyone cheered, chanting 'eat it'.
"May the gods have mercy, for the Slice of Suffering will not." Said Xaxas. 
He took a cake knife and sliced into it It rusted the metal. "You *sure* you want this Willow?" He asked. "I don't think it counts as oath breaking if the thing isn't edible for mortals. Plus, Harmony would kill me if something happened to you."
"I agreed. Pass me the slice!" I said dramatically. "The Slice of Suffering!" I said like a wrestler. I know it would be bad. But I put on a show for the pups.
"I still think you cheated." Huffed Apythmenos. Both of us sat cross legged on the floor while the boys were in my lap.
"I didn't." Xaxas said firmly. "No one interfered, now eat it!" He laughed.
"If I die, I'm haunting you." He hissed. "OH, that's AWFUL!" 
I took a bite and there was an explosion of flavor.
A flavor I don't think I'd forget What was this? It was as nasty as the Moon Goddess was sweet and kind did she know? She has to. There's no way she doesn't know her food tastes like panda shit.
"Oh, that's an insult I've never heard before." Said Xaxas with a laugh. "Does it taste good widdle Willow?" 
"Fuck you!" I said taking another bite. "AH! It's so bad." 
There were laughs and I was passed a beer. I didn't even taste it. My tongue was numb and my insides were angry. The Herold passed out. He literally keeled over on the floor and died.
"Is he alright?" Asked Eternya.
"He's being dramatic." Huffed Xaxas. "Get up." 
"I want to die so I can haunt you." He said with his eyes closed. "That way I don't have to take another bite. I Quit. I resign. I forfeit. Reap Me," He complained. "Excommunicate me. I refuse to worship a god so cruel." He shed tears. "It's so bad I can't stop my body from doing this."
"So it's demon repellant." I said chugging a second beer. I kind of tasted it. I lied only to myself.
"It's god repellant." Said Xaxas taking the plate. "How is something made with so much love, yet she thought behimoth stomach bile was a good addition?"
"THERE'S BASICALLY LITERAL SHIT IN THERE?!!! I QUIT! I FUCKING QUIT RIGHT NOW!" He stomped on the ground. "Get up here and eat this too! HOW Did you let me deliver this!" 
"I'd rather not." Said the Horned One. He wasn't up here just his voice 
Everyone laughed. 
Then he did. "Give me that. It can't taste-Oh my god." He spat it out. "I have to talk to her. I have to. oh my god That's bile from one of my behimoths. How did she even *get* that *and* think that would go well in cake?! *She got me to exclaim myself as the mortals do*. I should give her a place in my army."
"She toppled the Half King of All there is." Said Xaxas. "Will you talk to her *now* before next time she uses vulture meat or something?" 
"For the sake of the universe I must do this I feel unwell." The Horned One admitted. "She made something that made *me* wretch." The Horned One laughed. "Oh Willow you're green. I'm so sorry." He waved his hand over me, and I held my hand over my mouth.
I had to give my pups to Xaxas so I could go throw up in the toilet, while Apythmenos used the tub.

###chapter 96
The Horned One
I *still* tasted it.
I sat on my throne now, letting it float in my hand All 3.
A pound of dried, pounded hops dust instead of just using floura quarter cup of Suffering, a pinch of Pride, 2 vulture's eggs, and alligator's fat for butter And one cup of bile, collected from a fucking behemoth How did she get these things? 
All Hell ran as an oiled machine no one bothered me in here. They knew my mind. I enjoy tinkering
"Fetch me Hajroomond." I said casually referring to my show stopping demon. I was so proud of that one when I made him how he crushed buildings underfoot in my name.
It took him only 5 minutes to arrive. He enjoyed the false visage of an elderly man. His white curly hair went to his navel, and his wrinkles were set so deeply, no one would question such a decrepit being.
"She asked." It was the first thing he said with a bow. "Master I am unable to deny the request of the Queen."
"I hold no anger at you Hajroomond. I want you to try it." I said cutting a small slice. "Dear could you come down?" I asked summoning my wife
How I hoped she would not come The horror of seeing her so happy, no longer tarnished Her silver skin, hair, dress, and shoes shined in her happiness. Her touch gave me peace, and her scent was one of her realm tranquil waters and fresh grass She wore a flower crown made by Lia, so they were getting along well Shit
I already felt terrible, and I had not admitted anything to her yet. She hugged my neck and sat in my lap. 
"You called?" She asked sweetly. "Why do you hold Willow's gift... and our other children.?' 
"My dear I wish for you to see this" I said unable to look her in the eyes. "Hajroomond take this slice, and be honest."
"I tried really hard, and you helped me so much." She beamed. "I almost forgot to thank you."
She jumped out my arms to give my fourth largest demon a fucking rainbow star sticker I was wondering why some of them had little mortal stickers on their uniforms. I don't deserve this little goddess I really don't.
"Thank you, my master. I will cherish this." He said honestly. 
He put it on his cloak with pale wrinkled hands, though he used magic to preserve it to his tattered black robes. As colorful and 'cute' as her sticker set was to be marked by my mate was to receive visual recognition from their Queen
Fear filled the entire castle, and many servants gossiped if they were next. Many mulled over if they angered me lately, or made a mistake. However, my demon made me somewhat proud. 
Without question or hesitation, he bit into the 'cake' made with love
"It's disgusting." He said truthfully. "I can get over the bile, because it's mine but there's powdered vinegar in there"
"You don't like it?" She asked quietly.
"Master," He kneeled on hands and knees. "I tried warning you mistress but if you fed this to a mortal, they're probably dead It tastes of bile, vinegar, suffering, and anguish ."
"I *hurt* Willow?! What about Tyson, Samira, Grace, and Aureus. Oh no. I made cakes for all our children!" She hugged my neck. "I was so careless!" 
"It will be alright." I said petting her head. "They all have food poisoning, but they're alive."
"It looks nice my lady." He said taking another bite. He finished the slice for her. "I don't mind finishing it off."
*How the fuck did she powder vinegar?* I thought to myself. If I said it out loud, I'd definitely upset her. 
"How did she get this from you" I asked, letting him have it He ate them all, disposing of something I would have thrown into the pit while aflame.
"I shifted, and she went into my maw. She took about 4 cups worth if I remember right my lord." He bowed. "I will take my leave sire. I must be punished." He said solemnly.
"No! Don't be mad at him husband. He only did it because I asked. I wanted to try something new, but I didn't want to wait for the ingredients. Don't hurt him." She hugged my neck, and sat in my lap. I gently held her so she wouldn't fall.
"I will not punish you for obeying your queen." I said dismissing him. She buried her face in my shoulder a moment. I hated the silence How I knew this would happen 
"It's so bad he thinks he's going to be *punished*?!" She looked so pitiful It hurt my heart"It isn't good?" She asked. She sounded broken. She realized all the meals she'd made, and how we all disliked everything. There wasn't a dish I could stomach without my powers bending reality to *Force* it to taste palatable...  
"It was edible, but this one made them more sick than usual." I was honest. I needed to 'rip off the band aid' as the mortals say.
"I've made at least a hundred meals All of them were like *this*? . Not even food. poisonI made them *sick* and no one wanted to hurt me"
". You try." I said truthfully. I could, or rather would not look down and see her face.
I teleported to our Zen GardenThey did not need to see their queen so upset. They would not understand this emotion. I made this adjusting every grain of sand..For her. I made this altering my half of all there is waiting for her to be free 
"Leave us." I commanded no one in particular. Any within earshot scampered off to wherever. 
I closed my eyes. 
This was the first time it rained water.  Normal clear water.
I let her hug my neck in the thunderstorm, and she cried. She balled into my shoulder, hugging my neck. She did try. She only wanted to do a mortal thing for our mortal blood; our sons too.
"Forgive me for not being truthful I did not wish to see your tears my love. The crime is mine. I should have told you sooner, but I  I couldn't." I admitted. "Your happiness. It is important." 
"But not to the detriment of our little ones." She sobbed. I held her and patted her back. It was all I knew to do
"It's alright." I said soothingly. "They know your heart means well."
"I'll never cook a single thing again!" She wailed full of sorrow She'd taken a true liking to this hobby, about as much as I enjoyed stone carving But I had to weigh this.
I stopped time. 
I touched a few levitating raindrops, and looked at the lighting mid flash How she how she *changed* me. Even the repentant suffered my wrath. There was a time when this would be acid, or even something stronger than bleach. To melt those below and hear their pitiful cries
The lamentation of countless trillions of beings singing the song we wrote together, with I the dark half, and my butterfly, the hopeful. To punish all who ever committed a sin enough to be here How this place was my church, and the worshipers, the fearful masses.
I didn't give a Single fuck about that now.
If I encourage her I could teach her? I caught onto how cooking works within minutes, but there is no point to making something so trivial. We cannot gain sustenance from it. Our followers feed us.
If I told her 'it was for the best', she would lament every time she's given and offering. I restarted my realm. None would know I did this anyway.
"You don't have to quit entirely butterfly Just no more substitutions. If you don't have the mortal ingredient, then we can't make it." I said patting her back. "Would that suffice?"
She rubbed her tear-stained eyes. "It does husband." 
"Good. Tonight, we will make dinner and watch TV like they do. Would you like to pick back up on garbage reality TV?" I asked. "We could watch The Great British Bake off." I offered. "To be fair, that one has been my favorite a while."
She thought I didn't have time for such a thing. I don't, but I can't let her be alone so filled with grief and guilt. She hates that she has done this to them for so long, but I was honestly glad I finally said something. 
I was a fool Had she killed our children, she would have never forgiven herself, even though they go to our realms, even little Samira.
Had she seen how green Willow became, or how sick Tyson got She would still have been sorrowful enough to tarnish Her luster would have vanished, and I would be to blame.
Had I not come to the playful, annoying summons of my Herold, I would have had to our middle child bring his niece-in-law to my feet and with Kaizen in hell, there would be two generals not three above. That would not be good Even separated, they are still a trio, an undefeatable one. They just don't know it.

###chapter 97
A/N: HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!! 
Sorry I was gone. I wrote the while gone, and I liked what I was making but the concept was fucked up, but I wanted to play around with the harshness of the world I made... It's not fair. The weak suffer no matter the race, and people in power oftentimes get away with their wrong doing . But not today. 
Also I know some of my ideas are pretty out there.
Willow
The boys wagged their tails now that they were dry. I was sick the entire night and most of the morning, but it didn't stop our responsibilities. Kaizen was with the pups the entire night. They still needed care every 4 and a half hours now, but he didn't mind. He did their bottles and gave them potty breaks while I tried to sleep without throwing up. 
We only had to change the sheets once. That cake gave me food poisoning.
I had the pups washed, and fed some of my reserve milk since I didn't want them sick too.
I didn't know if it was possible but it didn't hurt to be safe. 
I looked a little haggard, but I was fine. The boys would come with me to the park. They probably couldn't enjoy anything yet, but Kaizen remembers this time when he was small. I want their first memories to be good ones.
The moment my hand touched the door, I got a link from Kaizen.
/Be safe./ He said happily. It was nice to hear him relaxed too... To be fair, I knew even if I shifted and went for a run, at least Jack would follow. I would never be alone. And it was a little comforting to know that. I had a pet carrier for the boys, and I put them in the back seat. I could tell some presence lingered around, so I was sure at least one Shadow Warrior followed me.
"You can come out." I said as casually as I could, and played off how much that bothered me when Jack had one side, and Ink sat on the other. I didn't really know him that well.
"It was Jack's idea." Ink pointed, and Jack scoffed.
"You rat!" He smiled. "Do we *still* startle you Luna?" He asked as if it were a little comical.
"It's more like you make my skin crawl when you're behind me like that. I can't see you, but I know you're there. I hate that." 
"You *still* can't see us? I thought all royal bloods could." Said Ink with surprise. 
"She wasn't born a shifter, go easy on her." Said Jack. 
"Oh, right. Sorry. Next time, look for his outline. Once you see it, you'll always see a Shadow Warrior, regardless of how good they are." He grinned.
I started the car, and ignored how giddy they were about this park trip too. Many elders are like big flippin' kids. That isn't a bad thing though.
"I know you mean well. Say, what's it like being a Shadow Warrior?" I asked. Ink answered.
"We're dual citizens, yet you never feel at home anywhereWe also aren't allowed high ranks regardless of strength because of our occupation. There's also Long hours, no trust, but the killing's good. I personally enjoy the hunt part of it all but Jack relishes the killing part." He said honestly. "I'm doing my dream job. Despite the overtime, it doesn't feel like I've worked a day."
"For me, I'm self-taught. The killing part is almost like a reward." Jack admitted. "If you permit us, we can teach your pups. I'm sure stealth like this will benefit them."
"I'll think about it." I said honestly They were not just werewolves; they were already marked by and for Hell.  It was technically a 'bad thing' but only for those who do bad things. They were this world's protectors, just tiny at the moment.
When I got out, the mostly women and children who were at the park wanted to see my pups, but kept their distance. I think it was mostly because of me, since I wasn't hostile, but I sent nonverbal cues that I didn't want the attention. It's stressful I know they wouldn't hurt them, but I can never be too careful. 
Lately that had been my newest hang up as a mom I worried about someone else doing something they shouldn't and if I was enough to stop it.
They wagged their tails while I held them. I was looking for a nice grassy part they could wiggle around. Ink wound up getting a blanket for me, and Jack got some snacks from the park's vending machine. It was soda, chips, and I had a baby bag with the boy's things.
The moment I put them down, they 'ran' for the grass.
"See, they already have a taste for adventure." Said Ink. 
"Do you remember this age?" I asked. "Kaizen said he could."
"No, but I don't doubt that." he chuckled. "I remember my second birthday. I think that's when I was taken to training camp. I saw my mother plenty of times after that, but not much."
"That's horrid." I said as he laughed.
"It's more like. Fancy daycare until you can shift. The pack taught me secrets that I've used my entire life. I have no regrets." He said with a firm nod.
"I don't know how old I was when I followed the King." Said Jack. "I taught myself how to become shadows to serve, but it wasn't enough. I don't remember *exactly* what I did to warrant my first arrest, but they held me about a day before I got bored and escaped."  
"I think your records say that you killed pack." I said seeing him flop on his back.
"Sounds about right. I don't really have that distinction like the others." Jack admitted. "But with the boss's blood, I can't do what I want without permission. I don't mind that though, since it gives me the freedom of not having to run." 
"How do you feel about it Ink?' I asked.
"To be fair, I have a strong sense of pride serving the King's brother." Said Ink. "You probably don't realize, but Lord Kaizen has so much sway, that he could ask pretty much anything, and it would be done within 24 hours. It is an honor to serve. An even greater one to have his acknowledgement."
"I didn't think of that." I admitted.
"It's probably for the best. If you were a snobby royal, this gig would be insufferable." Said Ink as a joke.
Vex took a blade of grass in his mouth, and I smelled it burning. The small puff of smoke was only a hair thin, but I was proud.
"Would you look at that." Said Jack. "He's learned how to use fire."
He sure did. He and his brother chewed on grass a blade at a time, and they gummed the grass until it blackened with their powers. I let them have at it. I had a Koke, and cheese puffs. I'd feed them when they get hungry.
I watched the older pups in the distance play soccer, and I let them wonder about 5 feet away from me. 
/Do you have a minute?/ Linked Kaizen. 
/Give me a second./ I linked back. I still found it so convenient that most shifters can do this
"You two can go if you like; I need to take a quick call." I said seeing them both look a little excited about it.
"We won't leave the park." Said Ink. He vanished immediately. 
"I'll just take a nap right here." Said Jack. Within moments, he snored, and I relaxed. His senses were razor sharp. If there was a threat, he'd know.
/So what's up?/ I asked. 
/I'm researching a wolf who let her instincts get the better of her. Young, unmated females are a strange lot every so often you catch one who shoots their shot to be Luna. Granted, this can happen to any highly ranked wolf, but she slept with her Alpha as a plot to be Luna, and he cast her out. She's like 5 months./
/She won't be a problem here. I can bet money that he knew she could be seduced and didn't care about the consequences. / I linked 
/He's their Alpha. There's little lower ranked wolves, nor the council will do. I got this. I just don't want you in the dark if she does start something./ he linked.
Jack slept like a rock, and I took a picture of the boys.
"I guess it's just us then." I said picking up Ari. 
He wiggled, wanting to be free, since the grass was his new toy. I put him down and he crawled, sniffing the air for the spot he was working on.  I was shaded suddenly by someone, and when I looked up, the frosty aura of the man surprised me, but I recognized the scent. The sun made him a bit of a silhouette.
"Morning." Said Asanguis. "They look determined." they nipped at his robes, but couldn't singe it.
"Don't get burned." I smiled.
The Reaper appeared, scythe and all.. He was skipping work to play with puppies. Why were all these old, powerful people so interested in my boys? I thought I'd never see any of the Princes of Hell so often, nor the King, but of all the emotions they had, it seemed a sense of kinship was strong.
###chapter 98
A/n: I feel like I need to put a disclaimer here I made a Messed Up world. A world where men really do have all the power, and women's power is mostly through their men. I won't sugar coat it, but nothing graphic is described or anything, it's just a messed up situation.
Willow
He sat cross legged, in his robes, and the scythe disappeared. The grass around him died in a perfect circle, and mushrooms sprouted from the death. In the center was his symbol, and I had a feeling the grass would never grow here again.
"Come here." He leaned forward with open arms. They gummed his hands. "We care because there are so few of us  Why would Arviel care of another bastard? He has at least one on nearly every world and our mortal mates influence we princes more than I like to admit and mother is as sweet as honey, but a 'hi' would have been nice." He chuckled.
"It's nice to see you." I said a little sheepishly. They were unaffected by his powers, but I figured that from the start.
"It's nice to see you too. I figured while I was in the area, I'd stop by." He smiled. He let them run around him, well wiggle. It was only walking speed but there was real progress. They were putting their feet under themselves more now.
"Who did you come for?" I asked. He was dressed as the Reaper so he had to have been on the job.
"The 4th Seat of the Goblins. That one poisoned him last night, but he should die in about 20 minutes or so." He said pointing to Jack. "After this I have the Alpha of DustMoon, he loses his fight with a Rogue, a beggar in New Apple, that one's going to be *fun*." He smiled. "There's others too but they don't need reaping unless they don't move on."
". Ok why is the beggar death fun, and do you reap everybody?" I asked.
"I don't mind taking you 3 with me for that one."
"I'll pass." I said as he chuckled.
"I get to topple a building. Death happens with or without me. My job is to exist so death is possible, and collect particularly violent ones. I also collect the wayward. Unlike others in the pantheon, there are no copies of me. There aren't any  copies of my brothers either. I am the Lord of Death for every world. It's as taxing as it sounds." 
----Kaizen ----
The gossip about the town among all the unicorns, was that Arviel made the Earth Goddess his mate as an apology. I honestly didn't care so long as they were happy.
My mate was at the park with the boys. I could also sense Asanguis; he'd been around since about sunrise. I figured the outing would be good for her, and I wasn't worried with Jack and Ink 'Luna sitting'. I didn't eat any cake, so I was fine. But she still looked a little green this morning. Now it was noon, and I had to finish up today's interviews if I wanted to spend any daylight with her.
"Here's the one we caught driving through the gate as if she had an invitation." Snarled Warrior Yuka. It was disrespectful that she didn't stop and wait for escorts 
I silenced their grumbling with a nose snort. I wasn't in the mood for ankle nipping.
Behind the new she wolf were two of my Warriors. They caught her this morning, and she looked as if she had nothing to hide. She was a healthy, though heavily pregnant she wolf, about 4 months.
I was passed her information. She was from GreenMoon quite a ways away in the northern middle of the country.
I knew she could definitely do border patrol if her information checked out. . It said her wolf's eyes were orange, the highest color most non-royal wolves can be born with. She was also 6'5, rare for a female. Gloria was 52, brunette and dark skinned. Other than her record, she could find a place here.
"Have a seat, Gloria." I said pointing to a chair. She sat and I called her former Alpha.
"Alpha Frank Green speaking." He sounded short tempered. 
"This is Alpha Kaizen, the Horned Wolf of Misfit. I have one of your wolves." I said pulling up the female. "A Gloria Harbor."
"You can have *her* your highness." He said with a groan, "She makes too much trouble." He complained.
It was then that the she wolf looked nervous.
"Explain." I said glaring at her.
"She claimed she got pregnant by me." He said with a snort before she could say anything.
"I am!" She countered. "I left before you could 'tie up loose ends'." She growled.
He growled at her, and I growled for them both to shut up.
"She is pregnant." I said a little agitated. "If you laid hands on this woman, you may as well fess up."
"It was a one-night fling One that *she initiated behind my mark mate's back*!" He growled. "It was the full moon, and-" I cut him off.
I did not give a fuck. I wouldn't let him make it out like this was all JUST her fault.
"I'll take in the she wolf, but I will give Ms. Harbor justice." I said writing up the proposal.
As a normal Alpha, I'd have to take this to a lower council court, though as a Horned Wolf, and brother of the King, I would abuse that rank.
"What is your ruling Lord Kaizen?" He asked with a creak of his chair.
 "I'm thinking about 3 grand a month." There has to be some punishment for this. She isn't going to raise this pup not only alone, but with no aid either. "The pup is a dual citizen of Misfit and GreenMoon. They will have your surname, and hold inheritance to all your goods over any children you have in the future." I looked him up. He had other children, but they didn't live in his pack. interesting.
"Three Grand?!" He growled.
"Five until after she gets off maternity leave." I said firmly. "You will also be required to visit weekends and holidays, that the pup know their father."
She will return to her old position here, but for now I want this to hurt. He did this, and what's worse was that she was the one suffering the most. No Council, be it the one held by Alphas or by the Royal houses, will hear a Rogue. His word is more like a King's word over a commoner's But she's wrong too she did this to herself on purpose for a position already taken.
He was silent.
"It appalls me how you thought I'd side with you. This is why we have *mates*, so you don't go sniffing around." I hung up. I heard his mark mate shouting and I didn't feel like hearing her high pitched yipping Gods her accent was shrill "Now with *you* I don't know what you expected." I said firmly.
"He said he'd take care of it. I guess this is what he meant." She growled. "He said he was going to dump Ariza and marry me She hasn't given him a pup since she's sleeping with her true mate behind his back. But you know what? Fuck them both." She said with a snarl.
"Don't get so worked up about him." I said shaking my head. "He took advantage of a young girl, and played with your feelings."
"We were together BEFORE the party; I bet he's lying through his teeth back home to cover his own ass." She said as her eyes flashed orange with her wolf. "But then it was just talking He'd grab my ass during training. That kind of thing. He's Alpha, of course I'd accept his advances Even my wolf Flint agrees with that."
"What about waiting?" I asked.
"I'm cursed for the next 185 years your highness, and before that I waited for over a decade. I'm sure you know, but killing on the Harvest Moon is a crime the goddess punishes 100%. " She said firmly.
"I know of the curse." It helps I'm her grandson I'm sure she was *pissed* at me too, but chose not to curse me. All shifters who kill on the Harvest Moon become cursed 200 years to wait for a mate.
I got back to his side of the story. He is already married and has been for years, but this was a lapse in his judgment. She was a young she wolf in her 50's asking her Alpha for 'just a dance'. They had a brief, single night affair. It was after she became with pup that he changed her schedule and gave her a hard time in general. She left with her car and about 10 grand of his money, and 10 grand in watches, though he pardoned the theft.
This is the darker side of werewolves Each pack is sovereign, and the problem was that this was Disrespectful, but not illegal Even if it was, he'd be the one reporting it to the council.
We had rules and regulations of course, but Alphas hold nearly all the power unless they are defeated. The position is gained and maintained by being the strongestnot necessarily the most capable.  There isn't much this woman can do. 
Had the father been anyone else, she'd have gone to Alpha Green for him to intervene. He's the judge and jury. In our world, he's the last stop for justice in his pack And so long as it doesn't really affect the pack as a whole, my brother won't ever hear of this.
###chapter 99
Kaizen
This shit made the base of my horns itch.
Maybe if it would have escalated, or there was a whistle blower in his office. Maybe a sympathetic Beta or years later his son killing him for his pack? Possibly something like that would reach my brother's ears, but that would be decades from now.
"Are you banishing me like Alpha Wisp?" She asked quietly. She was bitter about this, anyone would be, but I wouldn't throw her on the street.
I knew of the Wisps. The patriarch of their family, Esmond Wisp is the Fourth Seat, though I knew one of his family took over SalmonMoon before I was born. Either way, both Alphas had mates, and kids She's already proven she was after the Luna spot. Her file, and her actions have blacklisted her. Most won't let her enter for fear of her disruption of she wolf hierarchy.
I linked my mate. I let her know my decision before I'd say it.
"No. I won't chastise you about it either, but I will let you live here with a warning. You did this for power not allotted to you If you make trouble here, you will lose more than your life, but other than that, welcome." I shooed her away. "Warrior Yuka, get her a place to stay off the bottom shelf. You can stay in the Omega house, and here's the number for the clinic." I said casually.
"I'm not an Omega." She complained. "I was entitled to that position. I'm the strong-" I cut her off.
"MisfitMoon does not care about your status, strength, or bloodline. You're here because you gambled on Alpha Green leaving his mark mate and you *lost*. You're not blacklisted by him putting your name in red lettering either. He has the events a little skewed in his favor, but it is the truth. There's no exile status on here." I turned the screen around.  "He made your file like every other wolf Until the file on your charges appear, along with photos of texts, images of his safe and other things."
She stared at her crimes. They were legitimate. Each one had photo evidence The attempt/ plot of Mutiny and Usurp attempt of Luna Status, Luna Threatening, Slander, Theft of Property over $20,000 Stealing from an Alpha ranked officer.
"Any Alpha, not just one with a mark mate, won't let you in if they have any respect for their Luna, or better yet peace of mind. This file screams drama maker. So, I feel like it would do you good to be somewhere quiet. The positions here are merit based, and officer's positions are filled... Rewards here are not for the strong, it's for those who make this place less shitty Also, I do think it's unfair that he could have gotten away with banishing you." He didn't on paper, but I know he wouldn't allow her in if she went back. 
There also isn't a such thing as child support or alimony with supernaturals There's still shame on women for not being virgins There's still a stigma that will mark her and her child as a bastard and her a harlot 
I knew BOTH Alpha Wisps were in their thousands. They probably didn't even indulge her rejection into their pack in person.
She scoffed in disbelief that I'd put it so bluntly.
"Take what you can get, and be grateful you even have a place. Be thankful he didn't issue a warrant  Back home I'm sure his mark mate would want to make an example of you. But most of all, be thankful that I accepted you into Misfit. Any other Alpha would have let you birth that pup in a field somewhere." I growled at her disrespectful attitude. She bared her teeth at me.
I admit, I said this more harshly than I really wanted, but it got the point across. 
She'd get help, but no sympathy here. This is the result of poor life choices. Had she come here from a lost mate or had Alpha Green taken advantage of her, of course I'd have personally teleported to his front door. 
This was mutualShe was young, but not so young that she didn't understand what she did had risks. They both played adult games and won an adult prize. Her pup will be in a safe environment though  The job, should she take it, will pay enough for her to live comfortably. That I can fix I can help her financially.
But I also wanted to passively let her know that her behavior won't be accepted. She carries a high nosed attitude, one that most will find unsavory. That's something I can't fix. If she tries anything to harass my she wolves, especially Willow, she probably won't breathe a breath longer.
"Ace, are the water tower people here yet?" I shouted downstairs. 
"I already texted Igor the address." He yelled. ".Yeah.. Look at the estimate."
 2 million. The pipe work involves advanced magic, and they wanted to be compensated for the large project. The town was double what it was, but I would spare no expense for water. 
Plus I knew the little shits saw my name, and thought to themselves that this Old One was loaded.
After that I teleported. 
I NEEDED a fucking BREAK.
I'm so sick of being Alpha! I'm so sick of dealing with fucking morons who won't honor the goddess's wishes. It's frustrating to see the fallout from their actions. I don't know or care if he ever had his true mate The issue is that this is common. I've also have to deal with a few Rogues who graffitied the entrance gate.
With my magic, I went to the one person that I knew could help me out. The issue is that he has an office, but he's never in it. The fastest way to find my uncles, are to visit their realms. There's always a piece of them sitting on their thrones, even father now I think He doesn't talk much of his godhood.
You'd think the Fourth strongest being in existence would flaunt it, or the Third, Uncle Xaxas But those bums just like to drink and be homebodies. I'm one to talk.
"I heard that you little shit." Said Xaxas on his throne. His true stature does make him intimidating, but I ignored the hair bristling on my neck. "Next time try my house." He snapped his fingers, and I was blinded by how bright Harmony keeps their condo.
Jerold commissioned this high rise and renovated the neighborhood before Xaxas woke. They'd lived here for decades, but the way it was so perfect, was that no one would ever notice that. The color choice was a neutral light gray, white, and blue for all the décor and furniture. He sat in the only thing that didn't match, a black leather recliner made for him. 
His passive resting height was 7ft, but at home he was larger. The ceilings here were high to accommodate that, and the door to their patio was open, as Harmony grew houseplants. 
"Now what do you want?" He asked forcing me to sit across from him with magic. I felt like a ragdoll with how much force he put into it.
"Did I interrupt?" I asked.
"No, but I am annoyed." He grumbled.
"He lost a dice game to Posidion." Shouted Harmony.
I laughed.
"I lost my fucking Jeep!" He growled. "What the fuck is he going to do with my car in the Fucking Ocean?!" 
"Xaxas let it go." She huffed.
"It was *mine*" He complained It was hard to imagine him being millions of years old He was born a god; but right now even shifted in his true form, it's hard to tell. He was too focused on complaining to hear me.
"You could snap your fingers and make one!" She laughed. "You could buy another one."
He snorted steam. "That's not the point;. Just whatever!" he pulled his horns.
I think he told me that was the car he picked up Harmony .? It was his first or second car, so it was sentimental. I still have my SHIT Pontiac at my father's house if he didn't get rid of it.
"It Was." He growled. "That little metal box grew on me. I know what she likes He better not scuff her up."
"If you liked it so much, you shouldn't have bet it." Harmony chastised. 
"I know but-" He huffed as she gently cut him off.
"Stop moping and help Kaizen. He didn't come for your sassy attitude." She giggled. I did with her. It pissed him off, but she was right.
"Whatever. Here." He tossed me keys.
"What's this?" I asked.
"My southern island home." He said casually. "I have no intention to, ever again."
"I want to!" She complained.
"No way in hell." He chuckled. "We were there a month. It was Amazing. Peaceful but we'll never return."
"Why not?" I asked. He texted me the coordinates to see It was off the coast of southern Africa. Isolated I didn't like that he pried me, but I was grateful. The blue, two story house was on an island that looked lush and perfect. It was so far from the coast, that you couldn't see the mainland 
"The Island of Paradice is maintained by my servants. The problem is that. You know what. You'll see." He said cryptically. "Just bring ice."
"Why-" I got cut off.
I was sent to my mate. Jack 'watched' her while wrapped in a blanket, knocked out at my feet. He mumbled a 'welcome boss' but didn't stir otherwise.
She happily sang The Wheels On the Bus to the pups while flying them around like little airplanes. They really liked the loops she did by gently holding them in the air, and this was precious. Why is she so damn cute.
She shined Her red hair glittered, and her smile reached her eyes I stood by the tree and watched her, as she was so preoccupied with this, that she didn't notice. 
This is what I saved this world for. I didn't give a fuck about the pantheon or whatever My home is Urth. Everything and everyone I want to be around is right here.
"Wee!" She giggled Jack was *asleep* so good that he didn't eve movie.
"Willow!" I shouted like an Alpha just to be a little shit. She squealed, and we both laughed.
"I'm putting bells on all of you!" She said making airplane noises. She handed them to me, and the pack got to see a 7'5 demigod zoom his kids around. She rode my back by hopping on and I let it. Why not? 
A/N: I have more uploads, but it will have to be after work.

###chapter 100
Kaizen
The boys were getting big. They were 5 months now. Their little eyes were mostly open, but they didn't see well yet. Their crawling was almost walking, but their feet weren't under them proper yet. Their 'run' was still only a little faster than walking speed.
We age so slowly, like humans, because of what we are We're helpless at this age and will be for a long while. About 13 was when dad took us hunting proper. Before that it was mostly us playing around, and him doing all the heavy lifting.
My phone buzzed.
Jackpot!
"..And we're CLOSED." I yelled. 
It was 1pm. I closed early today. I got up and put the sign on the door, while my boys were up to no good.
[Ma!] Yelled Vexterios. He was pulling on my socks every step. He wanted to singe them while his brother was just as mischievous, cheekily running off with a piece of crumpled paper. He thought it was important  and preceded to try to catch it ablaze.
[No!] She yipped at Aristaeus, who wagged his tail so hard he may as well fly. I held a laugh It would only encourage them.
He was caught by Eternya. "Diana is in labor." 
"I didn't take Herculian's call. I texted him that I was busy and I didn't check back." 
"He told me that Diana was tired of being pregnant, and fae can just. Birth when they're ready. I'll never understand mammals." Eternya said shaking his head. 
"That's not normal." Said Willow. "Like It's more than fine to be confused." 
"My people lay eggs. It's not that difficult. I mean it *is* but I hope you get what I mean. You shit out an egg, sit on it, it hatches, and your chicks can fly by 3 days and can hunt by the end of the week We only stick around until they're big enough to fend for themselvesWhat confuses me is how long everything takes with mammals. Fae babes are more in line with firebirdsOur chicks don't really *Get* an early childhood."
He left after that, though Elinore looked a little confused.
"He doesn't speak of it, but he's close to the last of his people. He's the last true pureblood He was ordered by the Realm King to kill his kind all after they sided with the other Kings." I said to clarify his statement.
"I know that part I am a follower of his father. He ordered him an outlaw, and we hid quite a few eggs during the War My husband is responsible for his own loneliness His own people fear him, his father disowned him, and his children were rebels. All this speak of children and new life irks him, because I know deep down he wants children, but he's troubled. I'll take my leave." She bowed, thinking that she trauma-dumped on us.
"No you're fine. See if he's ok." Said Willow.
"Eternya didn't just end his people, he's scorched entire countries." I told Willow. "Now that the war is over, he atones for his crimes, but what is done cannot be undone Where his people are, he cannot follow, as they reside in his father's afterlife And those who remain are only the children of all those slain people."
Life means little to one who cannot die
It means little when it was his job to extinguish them.
One day such a task will be mine, but at least it won't be *here* It will be another world, some disobedient planet the gods grow tired of 
"Kaizen?" She asked putting a hand on my arm. This responsibility is a heavy burden, but I would respect her like she wanted
There's nothing either of us can do about it, but hiding this will only make trouble and break my promise.
"I'm alright. Just thinking." I said truthfully. "Eternya's task may be my own one day. It won't be here, but it will be on some other world."
She was quiet a while Willow was raised mortal Her heart hurt for the countless untold number of them that will die by my hands  
"It won't be today." She said firmly. She made her peace with this information.
"I hope not." I smiled. "I intend on taking you on a small date." She got the pups, and I got Flora to agree to babysit. I should trust her more Just because she is inexperienced with this kind of thing, doesn't mean that she'll break down into a ball of tears.
"That sounds fun." She smiled. Willow wanted to take the boys with us, but they can't keep up yet Plus I had plans. "Do we need anything?" She asked.
"No." I said texting Flora. She was already here.
"They're going to have so much fun!" Flora beamed.
Willow hesitated to hand them over, but we needed the break. 
"We'll be back by 7." I said happily.
"They'll be asleep by then. I know their schedule." Flora beamed, burying her face in their fluff. "They smell like coconuts." 
"That's their shampoo." Said my mate with a little pride. I kidnapped her before she could stay with Flora instead. "No car?"
"No car. No distractions." I grinned holding my bride. I teleported when I got her hand. She screamed, but once she saw where I took her, she clapped excitedly.
The lapping waves of the tropical beach wetted my shoes. We were in the middle of nowhere, about 50 miles from the South African mainland. I still don't believe I got the favor I asked, but there was a beach house here maintained by mermaids. 
"There's a house!" Willow shouted, excitedly running up the slight hill, stopping short of the grass once I let her down. 
This island was only about a mile in circumference, but what it lacked in size, it made up for in all the fruit trees here, and the tiny fence that separated the private beach from the 20 room estate. The environment was artificially maintained to be 75, sunny, and have mild tides
"That place is a private getaway for the elite. To be honest, I didn't think I had enough pull to have access to this place, but here we are." I chuckled. "What's better is that we're the only ones here."
"Kaizen your family is-" I cut her off.
"I know, I know." I complained. "I want to take these off." I pulled off my clothes and let them hang on one of the thin fence poles. She looked at me pretty intensely. I guess she wasn't used to the nudity still, but I wouldn't tease her about it... Gods she smelled as sweet as a bouquet of flowers.
That and the fact this place is named Paradice Island.
I shifted, and chased her. She was *so* slow, but it was fun to see her squeal and giggle.
"You're not being fair!" She laughed.
[Then shift!] I said shaking my head.
 She stripped and excitedly ran as her fox form Now catching her had become a little difficult. She could zip ahead as red lightning, but she had little control over it. That was the part that made it hard, since she was unpredictable. Her stamina was the issue now. She evaded me a good 20 minutes, but she panted heavily. I let her have her fun, thinking she could escape me.
We did this until she got tired. She shifted and I teleported, picking her up when I got to her. She smelled aroused I ignored it. It could be that she was just having a good time. Her light hum as she caressed my shoulder made me a little excited
"I still won." She said nipping my mark spot She had to lean up to do it, but I was no longer confused by her actions.
If I wasn't hard before, I was now.
"Willow." I warned.
"Your growl is hot." She snickered. She did it again, but this time she pulled herself up to lick it as well. She took her time while I made it back to our clothes I used my shirt as a towel.
"We aren't' even going to make it to the house." I said kissing her on the forehead, then the lips when she looked up at me Her doe eyes were so innocent, yet wicked. She Knew she was turning me on.
"I don't care." She said reaching down and stroking me. Gods it felt good Her hand couldn't wrap all the way around it, but the smooth, steady sensation made me want to take her right now
"Shit." I hissed in pleasure She roused instincts. 
"I haven't had you since the pups were born." She said rubbing my cock "I thought you noticed."
"I thought you were just happy to be out." I admitted.
"I am" She sighed happily.
"Then we can stay out here as long as we want. Time here works differently." I smiled. It was why I rented it. "The magic of this place works so that a day here was an hour back home. I rented this place 5 days. So we'll be home by 6 since it was 1pm when we left .If we buy an additional day, it'll be 7pm." 
She looked beyond surprised. She jumped on me, and I purposefully fell into the sandy grass. I held her by the waist, and I let her be on top of me. 
"I love you." She smiled.
"I love you too." I said kissing her tenderly. Above all I must be gentle with my wife All this is going to be at her pace. "You work so hard, and stress so much. You deserve this break."
She didn't want to accept my statement, but she didn't say anything. We just cuddled a minute and listened to the waves She'd had pups at fucking *27* because of me Most wait between 100 to 500 She had to learn how to be a Luna, and accept all the cultural bullshit that does Not happen with humans
A/N: Next ###chapter's spicy. 
###chapter 101
Mature 
Willow
I hardly noticed the tropical beauty and sweet scents in the air the only thing I could really focus on was Kaizen.
He snarled as he held me The motion of his hips made his member graze my button. Each little thump was a request to be invited in And I needed him... I needed him yesterday, but he didn't realize until I assume right now. My entrance demanded attention I couldn't help but be almost agitated I was so horny.
I bet it was this place.
"You're right." He grunted. He gyrated his hips. My legs were spread wide on top of him "They call this place The Island of Paradice It was made for relaxation it  enhances emotions. desires." He ground almost demonically 
"I want you." I said kissing him passionately It was just hormones But I didn't care. He held me flexing his claws, almost fighting his true nature as we embraced each other I could understand it Kaizen held back for my sake, but he didn't understand that I wanted him to unleash is nature.. I wanted it more than just the island's influence
"It isn't just that." He hummed in pure bliss. "You had pups too. I know it takes a while to bounce back from that."
"I'm fine." I said with a gasp. His hand grazed in between my legs We were already naked, and he knew I was soaked.
The kiss we shared was led by me I was hungry for him I wanted him to know it. I kissed him as if he would never see me again. Our tongues danced while the ocean breeze carried my wanting scent. It was almost like a pseudo-heat something the island did to ensure a good time
He gently picked me up by the waist, and flipped me around.
"Kai-"
"You're literally dripping." He snarled licking me from my entrance to my button He inserted 2 fingers, and lapped me. I moaned. Kaizen sat cross legged on his shirt, and I was upside down, hung in the air for his wicked desires
His cock was in my face, throbbing to enter me, and I did the closest next best thing. I put it in my mouth.
"Fuck." He mumbled. 
He fingered me slowly. The in and out of it matched what I was doing to him. I went down, almost to the base of it, then I swirled my tongue around the tip. I did it so he could feel every ounce of how bad I wanted those fingers to be his member.
The pleasure from his slow, confident strokes had me so tight, that his third finger was clamped around.
"You're already stretched enough." He hissed. I tightened my lips around the head of his cock, sucking hard. I went down slowly, imitating how he mates me.  I took his balls and fondled them a bit at the same time, and he put his tongue on my button adding a 4th finger.
I could feel myself tighten, since I was now climbing to an orgasm I know will have me seeing stars. He knew how to make me hum.
"I want you in me." I said with a whine, and he stopped.
"I want you to do it." He said gently flipping me around. "Your Alpha wants his Luna to ride him." With the snap of his fingers, a condom was in his hands, and he put it on in one swift motion.
"Then your Luna Accepts." I said doing it slowlyI hissed in bliss I still stretched around him Kaizen's massive member could be used as a club.
He laughed.
"Oh Shut Up!" I laughed with him. I was flustered that he heard me, but it didn't stop me 
He held my sides, but he didn't keep any pace. He let me do that. He supported me as I bounced up and down deliberately slow I hadn't had sex in months, and he was so big, that for a moment, it felt myself stretch  I bit my bottom lip so I didn't growl
"I want to hear it." He encouraged. "Nobody's going to be here until sunset scream as loud as you like."
I was slowly lifted, almost enough for him to leave my insides. Only to be slowly, but forcefully pushed down.
I snarled. 
"That's it." He said doing it again. I stretched around him
That singular moment gave me pleasure I've never experienced  I don't know how Maybe I forgot how good it felt? Each dip, I was completely filled. He hit the back of my entrance and every exit, I needed it back.
The steadiness sped up, but he used all the strength he had to be still.
"Fuck me Kaizen." I said throwing my head back. I felt his cock throb for more. He clawed the sand a second, enough that I knew he held fistfuls in each one.  I moaned It sounded almost desperate.
"I can't." He admitted. "The only thing I want to do is spread your legs wide, and fuck you standing." He snarled. The rumble made me melt It was so dominant. I almost felt like I'd been ordered to be drilled by him. I could feel his claws flex when he he/d my sides.
"I want that." I said coming down hard on his cock and he gripped my sides a little harder.
" You sure you can handle it?" He asked. 
"I'm wet enough." I said kissing him roughly. 
He only needed a single hand to get off the ground. He held me in the air, and I grabbed the fence. He intended on fucking me with all the force he could give, and I wanted every inch of it.
With the first pump, he broke the fence, and I finally got what I wanted. I held the wood while I was leaned forward, prostrated before my mate My hands were buried in the sandy grass
I still held onto the wood while he had my hips at his standing level... I could see the ocean as he made rough, unrelenting love to me. He was fast and feral  The slaps were probably heard over the entire island, but I didn't care. Like he said, only the two of us were here.
"Fuck." He growled.
"Harder." I cried. He rammed into me, and bit my mark. He snarled as he did so. Him leaned over as he still held me was something we had to try at the packhouse. 
"Ah! Yes!" I screamed. The pain of the mark became drumbeats of pleasure... each wave after wave sent me closer It lapped me like the ocean, and hit me with the force of a demigod.
He pulled my hair so he had better grip, and he fucked me so hard that I broke the wood in my hands.
"More!" I whined. The only thing I could do was sound like a whore. I was a whore today. 
I swear he got bigger too. 
He filled me full with his cock I was stretched out by my mate; my legs were wide in my deep lean He wanted all of my entrance, and he took it like a wild, insatiable animal that had been starved for months.
It slammed into me, each time getting me closer How did I want *more*? How could he give more.? 
"Ah." He grunted. 
"Faster." I begged That's how it came out.
He got faster by my request, and I was getting tighter. My breasts bounced like no tomorrow, and he let go of my hair, to put both hands on my sides The mark bite radiated with only pleasure I could feel not only my arousal, but his too. It added an additional layer to our hot, spontaneous sex. 
He roared thrusting into me so roughly that I came with an explosion. I didn't climb the mountain this time, I was thrown off it. He still thrusted with the might of a demigod, and came so hard that I could feel each pulse. Cum dripped out of me, and I panted, while he held me. He snarled one last time, pulling out.
He broke that condom.
He chuckled. "Well I guess we're having more twins." 
"Do NOT joke like that!" I laughed with him.
"There goes the deposit too." He chuckled, slapping my butt. He had to catch me, because I won't lie, I would have fallen over.
"Oh stop!" I complained playfully. I held his hand, and I dragged him to the ocean.
He silently followed, and when we got in, I put my hands around his cock.
"What are you doing?" He asked curiously.
"You were bigger I know you were." I said stroking it. I wanted to go again
I needed to go again 
". You were so tight. It's a shame I can't keep-" I cut him off by getting closer. We were deep enough in the water that when he held me to his chest, the water still covered our privates.
"I want you to Fuck me until *you're* tired Kaizen." I said seductively. 
"Yes Ma'am" He chuckled. 
Without another word, he put himself back inside me He was still hard, and I was still wet. We both moaned, as this time I bit his mark. He had his head thrown back while this time he held my legs, spreading them wide while we mated in the surf. My ankles rested on his shoulders, and he massaged his cock over my button, making a swirl motion with each entrance
He snarled in my ear, and I could feel the hot breaths he took, almost as if he were breathing fire. My eyes were strained shut with the thrusts of my mate. Each one was its own orchestra of pleasure Each one was meat with a moan from either of us.
"I'm not stopping until sundown." He chuckled.
"Please do." I said letting go of his mark, if only to notice that it pulsed red a few times.
An: Eternya has 2 ###chapters. He isn't the main focus of the book, so I thought it'd be nice to put that here, so people know. Not everyone wants to see side stories of non-main characters, but I thought this would be fun.
###chapter 102
Eternya
A/n: This will have 2 parts.
I sat on the roof of Misfit's packhouse. 
Eskaal sat up here with me, surveying the land of the Lord Kaizen, to better understand and stabilize the complex little village they had underground for the humans. Of all the master's generals, he was the *only* one I actually feared.
He wasn't even of divine blood, being only a yellow eyed beast elf from Africa. He looked like  his father, the Beast King Rau; dark skinned, muscular, though he grew his locks out to his fucking ankles now, instead of cutting them like Rau did. The Beast King renounced him for siding with the master I think all our peoples did.
Who could blame them? 
We killed, ate, and fucked on mass. No virgin, temple, nor city was safe. No follower of the sun could sleep well during the night, not without *Quality* priests versed in scripture.
It wasn't because of his strengthOf all the master's generals, he'd killed the most people, most times without even lifting a finger. Yet, he was just a beast elf. 
It was his intelligence I feared.
It was why he was ranked above me, and I never questioned him, not after he put me in my place The man made everything from all the great plagues to flesh monsters like gorse, hog-cats, and Grahkes, the Flayed One. The giant flying snake was crimson in color, and served as Eskaal's steed from the Realm King's private island. Well, the teleportation from the master's home in Jentucky. 
He also sat on the roof with us. We had beers brewed by Eskaal I don't think they'll be able to go home today, but I did try to remain alert. This wouldn't be the first time I was slacking like this. The mortal form of the Crimson Serpent was a pale, burgundy haired man. Technically he *really* shouldn't be drinking, but it's incredibly rare to get a ticket in the air. You'd have to fly over an on-patrol officer, AND land, something I've *never* done. 
They can't catch me.
"I still can't believe you're married." Said Grahkes. "You used to party for weeks on end, answering summons still in bed with women."
"Like you haven't." I chuckled, taking a swig it was strong. I'd only had 3 bottles, yet I was hammered enough that if I got caught, I'd be made to clock out.
I corrected it by heating my blood, and exhaling the excess.
Now I was sober damnit.
"It was strange too" I looked down on my wife. She was outside with Flora, and the children of my lord and lady. If I was put here the rest of time, it wouldn't bother me
"How so?" Asked Eskaal. 
The Beast Prince was a man of numerous talentsI still remember his oath to the master. I remember saying something pretty smartass, along the lines of 'he has no power, why's he here?' and within seconds, he figured out not only how my flames worked but he extinguished them On Purpose with a finger snap when I flew off. I fell from the sky that afternoon and died impaled with a fucking tree through my chest.
He even knows the complex technique of entering closed worlds. He can open nearly any gate, but he couldn't pick the masters' locks  Specifically the Moon Goddess. Her imprisonment kept the old master in his realm, because her life was threatened
"You remember.  Before it meant nothing They were toys Treats after a long day." I said seriously I wasn't like that anymore, and hadn't been a few decades.
I learned my lesson twice.
But back then, I gave my favorites pet names, and let them go with enough gold to live comfortably when it was time to move on.
But that didn't happen for my daughter, who smiled and played. She was born to a concubine and left orphaned because of my carelessness.
"Aye." Said Grahkes. "The offer still stands master." He bowed to his maker, and Eskaal shook his head.
"No. I don't care about love, but I want it to be special Like in the novels I've been reading." He grinned. "I really liked The Prince's Prisoner."
We both groaned. I rolled my eyes too.
"Oh come on! It happened for you, Mr. Horny Bird." Eskaal huffed.
".I could get you a slave?" Said Grahkes. He looked so giddy about it too, the little shit.
"Sometimes I wonder if giving you speech a mistake, you sneaky little shit." Warned Eskaal. That soured the mood.
"Sorry sir." He said bowing to us. He got bonked on the head gently with the cardboard box he brought the drinks in.
"Be smarter; what did I say?" Eskaal asked.
"Think before I speak." He said looking down.
" Let's go check the demi realm." I offered.
"Sure." Said Eskaal. "I needed to check the borders of it anyway. You don't know realm magic, but basically if it isn't stable, it will force itself to be in spite of its unstable nature. It will drain the area around it until it's baren, then explode."
"I'm sure I'm sure Lord Kaizen won't be too happy about that." I chuckled. 
"Do you think you can fly straight?" Asked Grahkes he slurred.
"No. It's only a 10 minute walk." I said shaking my head. "Plus, I should stay." I pointed to the girls with the twins. At all times, they must be guarded. It was why I was stationed here.
They left with a teleport, and I could hear Eskaal screaming 'no' as if he were chastising a bad pet I chuckled.
"What was that?" asked Elinore.
"Grahkes can't hold his liquor." I chuckled. I stayed on the roof. Unlike the rest of them, I can see into the forest from here. If I squinted, I'd see the mortal road too. Not much passes my eagle vision, but my wife's ass was a distraction.
"Come down here!" She giggled.
I obliged. She put flowers on my head. 
"Is there a reason why you crowned me?" I asked amused. 
Her hug felt nice better than sex. I should have gotten married sooner What I felt then was fleeting compared to this With this, I had a partner, an equal, not a toy
"I thought it looked nice." She said shyly. I kissed her on the top of the head, and chose to be corny about it.
"*You* look nice." I said with a smile.  Seeing her blush made me grin wider. 
Then I got bit.
"Vexterios, Aristaeus, why do you attack?" I said picking up the small wild child. Vexterios had my shoelace half burned in his mouth. I removed it, but he wanted out of my hold. He Screamed about it too.
[Ma!] He complained. [ma ma Ma Ma MAA MAAAAAA!!!!]
". If he keeps that up, he'll summon his parents." I said thinking out loud. I'd rather not deal with pissed off royalty.
"I could take them for a broom ride." Offered Elinore. "That's enough fire little ones," she giggled.
She took both the twins, and her broom levitated slowly to her I gave her a kiss on her forehead She wouldn't need riding clothes, being in so many layers. And she had a pup in each pocket of her robes.
She still didn't wear anything that showed her limbs I kissed every burn, and I healed what I could, but she was disfigured. Even with *my* magic, she held deep scars great lashes whipped her back from skin being melted. That was done on purpose by a petty fool.
It didn't bother me though, other than wanting my talons in Ignis's spine.
"OO, we can fly with them." Said my daughter as she shifted She didn't know it, but she looked exactly like her mother Dolia. I don't even rightly remember the flame elf's true name That was the pet name I gave her. It meant 'spark' because of the little elf's fiery attitude, pun intended. 
It made me feel guilty, because I knew I held no remorse for abandoning them, or Allivaldi and Allivakka... I was defeated, I was dead for thousands of years, yet, even if I were awake, I'd have still been a shit father. 
There was no love between any of my children's mothers. Though I know I would have made sure my children didn't have to be abandoned, confused like Allivakka... or forced to lead a rebellion that honestly wasn't their fight, or at least shouldn't have been. 
[Come on!] She encouraged Elinore. 
I had an idea in my sour mood that thankfully they didn't see. The Beast Prince AND the Crimson Snake are Here Right Now I could tie up a loose end.
"I have something I need to do." I jumped high in the air, and I became as big as I could I wanted to stretch, something hard to do when forced to be human shaped to fit in a human house I kind of missed carving out mountains.
With a thousand-foot wingspan, one could see why.
"WowWhat came up?"  Asked Elinore. She'd only seen smaller shifts. 
"I'm going to take care of Ignis." I said in English. I HATED speaking in this form, since I sounded like a damn parrot
" I can taste your anger my lovePlease, don't destroy the coven." She said very quietly. There was a fear in her heart that I could see What else did they do to her that she won't say?
Witches their hazing is brutal and unrelenting When they hate someone, they HATE them.
I only knew that because of Heidi, a half witch in-law of the masters. She proudly shows her arms and legs but people do stare. Scars after all, are extremely rare on immortals
It takes a lot of damage for the tissue to heal like that.
"Who else?" I asked seriously. The flames of my molten feathers glowed, coating the ground with a red hot light. I think my gaze was too harsh. She looked at the dirt, and held the pups in her arms
She looked as pitiful as a wet kitten in a thunderstorm 
"Carter and Gladis Redbrand That clan started it all But I don't want them to die. Don't hurt anyone except Lord Ignis You look as if you're going to kill all 24 thousand members." I motioned for her to come here.
"I will only take what is to be taken." I said as she came to me on her broom, holding the pups. Her balance was perfect. Just in case though, I cast a feather fall spell. Should any of the 3 be dismounted, they will float gently to the ground.
"Yes sir." She said with a bowed head. I was the son of her former masterI didn't like it but bringing up that I don't like being called 'sir' might make her even shier I don't want that either.
I left her in my daughter's care, and it only took 40ish minutes.
He was about several hundred miles away, and I can fly almost the speed of sound if motivated. This coven was so large His brick mansion was easy enough to spot in the small city, since it had to have at least a hundred rooms.
Like packs, covens also have coven mansions. Only the elite live there, since the highest secrets and rituals were done there. The altar for my father was in the backyard, a small pseudo volcano they tossed objects into. It would be the only thing to survive.
I'm going to enjoy this.
They will all burn.
###chapter 103
Eternya
When I landed, many came out to kneel I did so with an explosive crash that left the earth scorched but not *too much.*
Now I had a small fry to deal with.
I stood naked in his front yard, and it only took seconds for prince and pauper alike to run to kneel to the son of their maker.
"Your Highness!" Yelled Lord Ignis. I wish my wife were here, but if she was, I'd have to edit my actions greatly.
"You, your house, the House of Redbrand, and the House of Flambrand have been Judged." I boomed. They screamed as they were dragged to my feet. 
"Let us gather them." Many frantically begged, running inside to gather even the stragglers. Their fellow witches did not hesitate, nor did the abusers resist much. Well they couldn't... thousands of people lived here, and hundreds stormed the place. 
"You lot are to die." I said holding the urge to destroy this whole town. It would only take the smallest effort too  
"Wait-Wait-WAIT your highness!" Screamed the coven leader. 
Lord Ignis was brought in front, and I stood there. He looked mortified, despite the scars on his face. The irony a fire witch burned by flame. The witch's ruby, molten hair and glowing orange eyes told me that father gave him the highest of blessings, but to me, he may as well be a flickering candle in front of a bonfire.
I blew up an escapee with an annoyed glance. "Anyone else?" I asked impatiently. Brooms were tossed to the ground. I was *much* faster than a fucking broom. 
It insulted me.
"What have we done great one? I will take full responsibility." Said Ignis. "Spare my new bride. She isn't even from this coven. Please sire."
".hmm.. no." I said pretending to give a fuck. I snapped my fingers. She was first. Then the other women next to her, I believe her maids.
"NO!" He yelled. "Gods." 
There is nothing left to bury.
"Funny how you mourn her, yet you burned my poor wife so badly that she won't show her arms, legs, nor torso because you couldn't take 'no' for an answer." I said casually then the wheels turned in his head. 
He bowed on hands and knees. "I formally reject Elinore Flambrand. Please, I can heal her marks!" 
"I already did mortal." I said with a scoff. "If you were so worried about consequences, you shouldn't have put hands on Elinore You will PAY for marring her so badly." 
"Young master" Said Elinore's father. He looked too much like her, and smelled old enough to be. 
"You interrupt?" I asked with a raised brow. He bowed, taking off a ring, and presenting it to me.
"It is the most prized possession of our entire people. Her dowery, the Ring of Fire. This is what Lord Ignis wanted." Her mother came to bow with him, but I wouldn't kill her parents. I wouldn't add to her sorrow. But they agreed with this. There Will be punishment.
They are the ones who arranged this. For that, I burned their arms. Not enough to even leave a scar, but enough to pass judgment. They screamed.
"Elinore was caught ablaze. for a trinket?" I put it on my pinky only because it was meant for her. With the heat of my flames, I sized the too small ring to fit. . The stone was from father's realm, living obsidian, and the carving on it was a volcano erupting. The gold circle around it held god-speech. 
That is a language I can't really speak well, but I was divine enough to understand it.
'This is the way.'
The way to Nothing. I thought this in my anger I couldn't break the damn thing.
It enraged me.
But for now, my anger, nor violent desires could not be satisfied. My volcanic nature got the better of me.
I'll admit that.
Ignis's brother, his brother's children, and his sister were next now he had no bloodline. The Redbrands were next.
"Sir spare us!" Shouted someone. 
I caught the mortal alight. No water could quinch my flames, not without my permission, or the absence of air.
They begged How they screamed. He watched the fall of the house of Redbrand.
I didn't give a single fuck of who was innocent or guilty either.
I don't care if they're old, young, or disabled.
They angered the man who destroyed his entire people by my master's request. I am why there are so few phoenix and fire birds. I took pride in it, as I do with this.
For them I let them burn slowly. They became as incinerated, thrice baked bread before I allowed them to perish.
I closed my eyes as the last 4 ran, and I popped them from the inside out, one by one until I was covered in their blood Now I was satisfied. Last was Ignis. I let him live as I dragged the bodies inside his home. Well, the random limbs and such.
"My master's son, please. I have nothing left." He cried bitter tears.
"She was traded for a ring. A bobble A Shiny."
The only thing special about it, was that it had my father's crest  If it had power, it was too weak to detect.
And he has the nerve to fucking ask for mercy.
I probably need a shower.
I used the garden hose attached to the mansion, ignoring the mass pleas. The water felt nice, then I lit the house ablaze.
"*Now* you have nothing left." I got a lawn chair and was given a glass of wine. Ignis was my footstool, and he shed tears for his fallen. I really didn't care. I was nice enough to let the rest of them skitter like mice.
The commoners would have fried nicely, but I'm sure I'd be punished for destroying the town 
"Please kill me, that I can see my kin." He asked completely broken.
"Bold of you to assume I'll allow that." I said with a dark chuckle. It's been a *long* time since I got to really Truly do my favorite pastime. He's coming home with me. I chuckled a little louder. 
I watched the last bits of the mansion smolder while fire mages made sure it didn't spread. They asked permission for that, and I allowed it. I waisted about 2 hours here, too long shit.
I took Ignis by the scruff and shifted. He'd burn in my talons. I would give him no respite. I will not bestow fire resistance on him Not even his clothes. Nudity is not common with them. He will feel shame.
When I got to the station, I got one of the wolves to open a spare cage. It was one made for supernaturals, so he wouldn't burn down the master's efforts. He was passed out, and I was given a bucket of water for him.
"Ah!" He yelled. His first instinct was to cover himself.
"There. Heal yourself and don't make trouble." I said using the station phone to call my wife.
She came Immediately. She also lookedI don't know
"Forgive me Elninore." He bowed "I should have this is divine punishment"
It .*probably* was? Father was created to manage the heat made by Lia I inherited his volcanic temper, but that was about the only thing he ever did for me.
I could see father hearing the prayers of my wife when all this happened, and being angered. She is as pure as a puppy. I could see him being angered by such a young, beautiful girl that could have been given as an offering, yet instead is made 'ugly' for lack of a better word purposefully
I wonder did he soften my heart to the idea of monogamy in the first place, to spite his own people. Nah, that would require effort, and paying attention to his eldest, only living child. I'd be surprised if he knew of Flora, especially little Ellio. 
The only reason he knew of my affair with Allivaldi was because of the trial her and my daughter endured. They'd made their own cult with the crowkin, and for it them, and that entire race of people were banished off the planet. I don't know what world, but at least they weren't given a strange or malicious curse 
". I can smell the ashes Eternya." She almost whispered
I felt ashamed.
"They marred you. They took your confidence and your happiness. They got what they deserved." I said angrily. It made her put a hand on my chest. I could feel how cool her skin was. I did calm down for her sake. With a labored breath I powered down 
"I didn't want anyone else to be involved I didn't need to gain a reputation as the scorned woman who embellished my story, and made the master's son strike his wrath on my people. That's all the remaining witches will say."
"ElinoreThey have no right." I said trying to soothe her, but she only shed more tears.
"Maybe it'll die down. My father will lead the coven now, just like he wanted." She shed blood tears as she glared at him. "But every one of them got what they deserved Nearly Everyone sided with him even my father."
 "We were to marry before you were even born. Redbrand And the house of Flambrand arranged it. Your father, Carter, and Gladis Redbrand offered a dowery You weren't there to see the master's blood slay them." He hissed.
"I didn't have to be!" She shouted. "All you had to do was just accept that every woman isn't-isn't twirling her skirt for you! That maybe I didn't accept you because I knew you only wanted me for the ring!" She stammered completely flustered. "All you had to do was let me leave."
"All you had to do was accept the betrothment!" He shouted back. "Had you, you would have learned the Secrets of the Entire fucking coven! We could have recovered the ancient texts of our people too! Everything! But you just wanted to be spoiled!"
"I wasn't spoiled; you're a rude, power hungry boar! You didn't even *like* meYou belittled me, and treated me as a used rag. You didn't even TRY to court, be nice, or even tell me a 'hello' in passing." She glared at him with a hatred I don't think I'd ever see from one so passive She doesn't even like squishing bugs; she makes me do it. "You allowed the coven to treat me like shit because of MY choice. The Right one! If you'd have used that ring, your weakness would have made it unstable. It wasn't made for mortal use!" She hissed.
"You're the weak one you little shit. I would have made us comparable to the House of Sunstone." He shouted in anger. 
I closed my eyes. 
If I am to savor this later, it's best they start off whole. Torture was one of my specialties... I've tortured some humans so long, that they died of old age. But that was the old days I'd use him to knock the rust off my claws.
I felt Elinore's cold hands  I lowered my fiery nature 
"That reminds me, do you want your dowery?" I asked. It was hers as far as I was concerned.
"Only the men may wear it a Flambrand my father or the husband of a Flambrand...." She said completely upset. She didn't say why, but I did Not care what this trinket did. Whatever it was, wasn't special enough to warrant hurting her.
"That half unlocks the way to-" I cut him off.
"Be Silent." I hissed. I took Elinore by the hand. "Do you wish to watch, or may I have my merry way?" I asked looking at her concern.
"If I don't, you'll never kill him." She said knowing me already. 
And she didn't say the last part. She won't mentally heal without knowing for herself that he's gone.
"Tell my father I said hi."
I made a heat containing sphere and cooked him alive. That death takes about 3 minutes, but even his soul will be damaged when he arrives to my father. With the spell like this, it won't trigger the sprinklers.
I went too far, as she was upset from seeing that, but I knew she recognized the spell She didn't let me ask about it, since she ran off. I let her. This spell was made to execute prisoners. It's meant to bring shame to fire mages of all ranks 
An armored hand was placed on my shoulder. "I know you hurt Eternya, but your flames are warping the cell." Said Sentinel. 
His ashes were white. They glowed red hot from my anger as I glared at his dust. Even this wasn't good enough.

###chapter 104
Kaizen
I left my mate asleep before she attacked me again I was starting to get sore. She treated me like a brand new toy yesterday but for now, the sex monster slumbered. She had her pump, and before bed she wanted me to give the extra milk to Flora.
It only took a teleport, but all was not well. 
Eternya couldn't be sensed, but I knew he was likely in the human town with Eskaal.. Elinore sat in a chair, looking traumatized I put the milk in the fucking fridge.
"What happened *now*?" I asked as my little ones finally got the hang of running. They ran to me, wagging their little tails. While we were gone, it seemed they figured out how to actually move with their feet under them proper. I won't tell Willow I'll let her see for herself.
"Nothing up here boss!" Shouted Ace. "The water mages are installing pumps for the water tower." 
"Alright. Can you handle the invoice?" I asked. Time ticked If I went upstairs, I knew my vacation was OVER.
"Already did!" he shouted back.  Thank the gods. They were contracted, and don't live here, so it wouldn't have been right to not pay them on time.  "Now what happened with Elinore?" I asked.
[Ma!] they gleefully chirped in wolf-speech, and I remembered I used to have trouble with this too.
[It's papa.] I said picking them both up. They didn't care. I was 'ma'. "And how have you been doing?" They babbled, trying to tell me about the grass. They were so fat too. Flora spoils them too much. I bet they'll be a whole pound heavier when I get back.
I already saw, and honestly, as destructive as this is going to get, I was a little proud. I already set up an on-request petty cash reimbursement account before I left. Her hesitation made me motion her to speak by casually waving my hand.
". Well, father he blew up her old coven's leaders." Said Flora. "He burned her parents pretty bad and they called her, and made her feel like it was her fault."
"I told him to give me some space my Lord. I told him only to get revenge on Ignis My coven was not kind. and now everyone, even my parents blame meThey say I should have lied to the Bird King. They said I should have told Old Ones lies of accidents That his anger was kindled on purpose because I didn't agree with the way Ignis, nor the elders did things" Said Elinore. "If you need him, he's with Lord Eskaal."
"Gods damn it. It'll be alright Elinore." I said shaking my head I wasn't surprised. Love is a dangerous thing in the hands of an Old One. 
Eternya has never known love until Elinore; none of the Old Ones do to be fair. They were feared, and most didn't have childhoods or affection given to them. If they did, it was taken. At least, that's what Xaxas told me a long time ago, but I don't see him lying about something like that.
The only closeness he ever had was with concubines. He went from a few moments of pleasure with women who obeyed in obligation, to a woman who actually likes him for who he is, and shared time with him, not just intimate time
And I understand Before Willow it was all work, royal duties, and patrols My family cannot replace her; there's a whole section of my heart that was unclaimed before my wife. Eternya feels the same. 
Anything that harms her or upsets her in any way will have him fly off the handle. She's submissive and gentle, despite being a witch. You don't see that often. She shed tears, and I felt bad
Hell, if Willow was burned like that, I'd have used an arrow to leave a crater where the coven was. I'd never seen, but I can pry. I knew through her thoughts that mostly her face, hands, and feet were the only things untouched by the spell Ignis put on her.
She said nothing, merely staring at nothing in particular, holding her legs. She saw him use the same spell Ignis cast on her. She watched him boil him alive in his own blood. She's too green to have seen that.
"Eternya." I said with a sigh. He appeared at the doorway.
"She won't talk." He blurted. "That's my fault." He hesitated to approach her. I can assume they must have fought about this too.
"No shit." I said shaking my head. "Give me your report." I reached my hand out, and a black scroll appeared in it. He at least wrote his course of action.
It said that he lost his temper for her sake, and became even more so when he found out she was hazed, mistreated, and traded for a gold ring The ring was why he did the report. It opens the way to his father's realm.
That could be really bad. 
Apolis's world is all molten heat. It's one giant volcano worldI'm glad the cultists didn't know such an item existed. That Elinore is from the third line of flame witches.
I'm sure such an artifact was made and hidden in case they needed to flee in the old times. To use the ring like a portal, and maybe teleport by traveling within the protection of Valcanus, then appearing in a different spot on Urth. There could also be texts and relics there saved for such an event, but an experienced magic caster greater than a mere coven leader would be able to control such a portal.
"What would you have me do with it. The master said he didn't care." Said Eternya.
Xaxas wouldn't care. To be honest I don't either. The ring's in probably no safer hands. It's currently wielded by someone who can use it, but doesn't want or need to.
"In the event you think you're compromised, destroy it." I said seeing the pups 'attack' the Bird King's already singed shoes the second they had a chance. My pups babbled in wolf speech. They kept saying 'ma' in little yips. "Eternya they're snitching on you." I sang. They may not talk, but they do have thoughts. They didn't like that he stopped their playtime.
"They can't even talk yet!" He complained. It got Elinore to smile at least.
Since this was so serious, I felt it best not to laugh about it like I wanted. [That's enough.] I said moving them to the carpet. They really did enjoy the floor, since Flora still had toys a-plenty for them. Fireproof toys.
"I'll be fine your highness." Said Elinore.
"You don't have to lie about it." I said as Eternya gently picked her up.
"I'll take her home." He offered.
"I wanted to keep helping Flora." She complained. "I'm fine honest." She wiped her eyes.
"We can come back around 5 and help with dinner." He offered.
"Alright." She said letting him take her home.
Now I needed to check Eskaal. If he was STILL here, there was a problem or he was tinkering. I was warned heavily about that
 "I better go see about the Beast Prince. Thank you Flora. I hate I'm leaving you with all this."  
"Oh my gods, I'm left with puppies, you fiend." She said rolling her eyes. "She's lucky her parents got off easy with burns. I still sense his absolute, unconsolably dangerous anger about it. Go deal with the Old Ones sir. Come here Vexi." Flora scooped him up and gave him tummy raspberries.
He giggled. He did so by chuffing, something we do when something's funny, but we don't have the right vocal chord shape to talk.   
"Do that again." I said pulling out my phone. I'd never heard them laugh, or smile. I almost missed their first giggle trying to have a vacation! "I hate to leave." I complained. I did fuck around about 5 minutes before getting back to work. 
In a little bit, Willow will be waking. I need to hurry up.
To be fair though, She'll forgive me for any lost time. 
I have krayptonite One day the boys are going to get onto me for this. 
I teleported, then went downstairs.
Eskaal was working, though thankfully none of the humans were turned to experiments. I don't think. The humans were in the town part, but Eskaal was at the edge, in the forested part. There was a grand park that surrounded the town. It had trails for jogging and water fountains. Sentinel even suggested to add pets down here for them if they wanted some, like dogs or cats.
The Beast Prince had his hands up making glowing circles with ancient writing in the air. I'd never seen anything cast that way. Even when they made the demi-realm, you could see where they carved into the stone. 
"Master." Said Grahkes. He bowed while Eskaal was finishing up.
"Be patient." He said annoyed. "If you stop pestering me, I'll buy you the blood ice cream you like."
"But-" Eskaal's sigh made him silent.
"I Know this is boring for you." He stopped the magic to pet his head. "Give me 2 minutes."
"Alright." He said quietly. Grahkes and Eskaal's relationship was like a talking dog and his master.
"How goes it?" I asked. Eskaal jumped because he was so engrossed into what he was doing, that he didn't notice. 
"Forgive me." He bowed, finishing his work by it slapping itself against the wall. To the humans it looked like the forest continued, but I could see the brick behind the illusion. "I have two more walls left, but other than reinforcement, the initial groundwork wasn't too bad." 
"Good. When you're able, can you-"
"I already did." He smiled. "No mortal of any kind will be able to enter, or remain in the barrier over the town should they have malicious intent for you or your kin. You should forward their first giggle to the master. I'm sure he'll be elated." 
"How do you know about that?" I asked. Especially since he didn't even notice I was here.
"I was tapped into the land my lord. I know the workings of the town. You should investigate Warrior Egerton. He's actually at home while on the clock." He grumbled.
"I'll link my Beta." I said a little pissed off. If I spend anymore time here, she's going to be on an island alone for days. 
"I could send my steed." He offered. Grahkes would probably just eat him
"No, it's fine, probably an accident or whatever. Don't forget to stop by Ace to get paid." I said firmly.
"Of course sir." They both bowed.
I teleported outside. I'm positive I wouldn't get a connection to my Beta down there now with all the new magic.
/Ace, I've been told a Warrior Egerton is at home, yet on the clock./ I linked.
/He broke his leg around 1:49. I'll clock him out./  he said casually. /How's your vacation?/
/Fun. There's no wifi, tv, or even electricity. It's so quiet/ The only thing that could be heard were the waves, birds, and wind. There was running water through magic, they took the salt out the water. The lights in the house were also magical.
/Then go back! You've been here I think 20 minutes boss. / He linked.
/SHIT!!!/ I yelled, not meaning to but that's a third of a day!!!
I teleported. 
"What took you so long?!" she asked sweetly. She was on the bed I heard her moaning What did I get myself into.

###chapter 105
Willow
The vacation lasted the entire week, and honestly it was nice. I felt weird leaving the pups so long, but it wasn't that long. They'll be in bed by the time by now anyway.
"You look sour." Chuckled Kaizen. "We can rent this place again in four months' time."
"I wanted to play with the boys some more. It feels like we've been gone forever." I smiled.
"Yeah, I know. I want to see how they're progressing. It seems like the moment we turn around, they figure out so much. Let's go." Kaizen said this taking my arm, and teleporting us in our room. It was 7pm here, but I was nowhere near ready to go to bed or anything.
I hated to leave the room, but I wanted my babies. "Let's go to Flora's." I said as he stretched. We left at sunrise; it was weird that it was sundown here.
"Alright. But be warned, there was a bit of drama while you were gone." He said putting the bags in the closet. They'll get washed later.
"What happened?" I asked honestly curious.
"Eternya torched all the higher ups of Elinore's coven. Those burns on her body were for a magic ring." He scoffed. "I still can't believe it myself. Had that been you, I'm sure not a soul would have been left to bitch about a little fire." He growled.
It concerned me a little, because I knew he wasn't joking. "I hope he at least only got the people responsible." I said as we went down the stairs. There were Warriors up and about, but not many. Those who were on the clock were mostly outside. 
When we got out there, I saw many more in uniform or shifted. Kaizen told me at one point about that. He told me this was normal, and how a pack should run. 
"Sorry." He said a little sheepishly, opening the door for me. "As a fellow demigod, I know he went overboard, and knew he was while he was doing it but I understand. I can't live without you now that I have you. Anything that impedes your happiness is a greater priority than anyone realizes."
We knocked as lightly as we could on the door and Ellio answered. He put a finger to his lips, wearing a scorched white t shirt. They snored in his arms, so fat they looked about ready to pop.
"The must have been a handful." I giggled in a whisper. I was handed our boys.
"They didn't blow up the kitchen over a toaster." Ellio joked sheepishly. We all got a little laugh out of that.
"Hopefully they won't, but I know this is going to get destructive and expensive." I sang while they wagged their tails sleepily. They had no intention of waking yet. I knew about the petty-cash fund though.
"How's Eternya?" Asked Kaizen.
"He had to be stopped from returning to finish off her parents. He didn't take kindly to them dismissing her so rudely." Ellio snorted. It seemed they pissed him off too.
"If it wasn't for her already being completely distraught, I'd have let him too." Said Flora. "They blamed her like she sicked father on them."
"Mother You and grandfather fly above them. They can't blame or question someone like him, so they targeted the next best thing." Ellio said surprisingly perceptive.
". Why am I not surprised?" I said petting Vex. I think he didn't snore quite as loud as Ari.
"Because you realize how fucked up everything is all the time." Said Flora. "But thankfully Misfit is literally about as good as it can get for most of us."
"Yeah, but it still sucks." I said holding the boys close to me. "Is she still around?" I asked.
"She's at her house with father, but I think it's best to leave her be for now." Said Flora. She was right. For me, I'd been gone a week, for them, it'd only been several hours. It was still fresh.
Then in the meantime, if they need anything from us, we're back." I said giving Flora a hug as best as I could. "Thanks for watching the pups."
"They were a breeze." She giggled. "I even found some sticks they can try burning next time."
With that, we went next door, and Eternya was in the living room with another General of Xaxas. I believe he was the Beast Prince, a mythological man who was always depicted at Xaxas's left, with the Reaper at his right. To be fair though, the Horned One was usually the centerpiece in any painting or warning of hell.
"Ah, there you are." He smiled. "Me and my subordinate here are discussing the fines of his unauthorized coven burning." 
"If I would have left a few to lead, I wouldn't have such a hefty fine, but I hold no remorse." Eternya said firmly. "She's resting now; she didn't even look at me when I left"
"She'll come around." I said as he nodded.
"I know Lady Willow. It's just something I'm not quite used to. Those fuckers were lucky anything at All was left." He snorted.
"How's the human section?" Asked Kaizen. He sat in a chair, and I sat next to him.
"Fully warded." Said the Beast Prince. His eyes reminded me of the look cats give before they pounce. Yet I could tell by the way he spoke that he'd probably employ someone else to do that for him. "I've also made it so that if any have ill intention, or have unauthorized materials like magical storage bags, that they're teleported out."
"That's good."  I got the pups." Said Kaizen. He gently scooped them up, and they still slept soundly. They had a big day while we were out.
"I guess in the meantime, I can go upstairs and get a gander at the MoonPack Sy-" I was cut off.
"I got that. *You* go enjoy yourself." He encouraged. He gently nudged, and walked me to the door. "It'll be the last free night we get until next vacation." He teleported to the top of the stairs.
I essentially got put out my own home to go relax. I didn't wait for anyone to change their mind either. I'll cuddle the boys when they get up They had So much milk.
I had to use my pump in the next hour and a half, so I figured I'd walk around town for a moment. Just because they have extra, doesn't mean I can stop. If I did, production would as well. But I didn't let any of that stay on my mind The night was young.
The air was clean and crisp I think I got really lucky on living somewhere safe enough to do this. I lived in a tiny town, and after that, I worked for an upscale private school. I never got to live or see the dirtiest parts of this world when I was human
I kind of just had a generic life. I didn't know vampires ran most major cities through bribed human politicians. I didn't know that there was a whole other world, an ugly underbelly where the strong eat the weak.
At the park, I ran into wolves doing mixed gender exercise. They did pushups, while a drill sergeant yelled at them.
"Remember when you're alone, a Rogue won't hesitate, even if you do!" Shouted the male Warrior. He had only one green eye, and was covered in thick scars, but he may have been the stockiest wolf besides Kaizen yet. His gold hair was in a tight, short ponytail, and his growl was mean.
I don't know why, but I joined them. Nobody stopped me, and nobody stopped what they were doing either. I'd done about 8 before I saw another drill sergeant point to me. The original one smiled when he saw me in the back, but he hadn't ordered them to stop doing pushups.
"Just because you are my Alpha's mate, does not mean Basic Training Will Be Easy. Do You Understand That Luna?!" He shouted.
"Yes Sir!" I shouted back. To be fair this was easy. I knew a little self-defense, but a little more wouldn't hurt.
"What combat experience do you have pup?!" He barked. "Speak up!"
"About 3 years of Karate." I admitted. "Sir!"
He kneeled next to me while I still joined in the fun This didn't hurt, nor was it tiring.
"Are you ready to be broken down and built up into a First Class Luna the likes have which this pack has never seen?" He grinned.
"I've seen you escorted around like a pup." Said the other Drill Sergeant. He looked Asian with a deep tan, and his accent reminded me of someone from Bostyn. "I bet you want to be able to protect yourself and your babies yourself, don't you?"
"I do. This is easy." I growled. I admit when they do it it's cooler 
He chuckled.
"Alright. Captain Lu, get the girl a 50-pound bale of hay for her back." The original drill sergeant said evilly. "You can quit *anytime*."
"I'll never Quit!" I said feeling the bale weigh me down Now it was a challenge. 
###chapter 106
Herculian
Her palace was white stone, and the halls were filled with gold and purple accents However, I was the only person anywhere Near her right now. Even her attending servants were hiding. She had a pile of clothes on the floor, stubbornly not wanting to wear maternity clothes, but entirely too big to fit her normal outfit. That I didn't understand about mortals It's Just fabric, but I would be supportive.
"You look beautiful." I said kissing her on the forehead, and she slapped my hands away when I tried hugging her.
"I'm a fat cow! Get Out!" She burst into tears. She glowed green and pink in alternating flashes My poor girlfriend really was large There was a toddler in there as far as I've been told. He'll come out a 4 your old 
She's giving birth to a 17-pound baby by Dr. Sampson's account. There's a whole bag of dog food in there. I held a giggle that was a little mean and if I said it, she'd kill me for real. I don't know *how* but she would.
"Baby you look adorable. Whatever you wear to your own baby birthing ceremony is FINE" I laughed lightly. I shouldn't have, it made her screech at me. I ran-walked out. It was safer to just let her simmer down than to keep trying at this point. 
She caught her clothes on the floor ablaze. "DIE!!" The smoke turned on the sprinklers and now even the dress she had on the bed was 'ruined'.
"Baby-" I was cut off. She looked like a wild animal The ceremony wasn't even that important. It was just a small party where she announces that she'll have our son soon.
"Don't look at me!" She shrieked, ruining her makeup on purpose. "Nobody Look At ME!" 
"I'm. I'm going to go get the blessing for our son." I said as she began to rip the dress she wore off.
"Get out!" She tossed it at me. "All I wanted was today to be perfect but Every Fucking Time This Happens!" 
".Herculian I got my mother." Said her eldest daughter. "Mom It'll be alright." She hesitated to go inside, and I silently wished her luck.
I tried not to laugh at that too The dress wasn't *that* bad It rode up and showed her panties, which made her upset that the knee-high dress couldn't fit over her bump.
Diana She seemed extra snippy, and I took that time to leave well enough alone, and request audience with my father. That was something I put off, because that man is insufferable. How he treats his humans makes me almost jealous.
They wouldn't have to do anything to earn his love or attention... They just got it. Unlike the Horned One's line, father doesn't care about, nor really watches his children.
I became a beam of light. The only thing to intercept me was The Endless Mountain. Father's herald did business with the God of Bounty, my full god half-brother. He was responsible for keeping Urth's rotation, blessing crops, and protecting the Gates of Haven. 
Bounty was a claimed son a properly claimed one. His mother was the Earth Goddess, while he made it clear that he looked down on me. His green eyes made me feel as dirt, though I could probably take him if he won't let me in. Maybe. It would not be an easy fight, that's for damn sure.
"Halt." Said Bounty. "Demigods are not allowed within the pantheon's throne room. Go back to frolicking with the Adversary's kin." He hissed. The war was over, but Bounty was particularly bitter at King Xaxas The God of Judgment defeated all father's full god children, and crippled War, father's favorite son 
"I know that. I come to formally request a formal audience, on the grounds that my son will likely be born today." I said seeing him sternly glare at me.
"I'll escort him." Said the Endless Mountain, Zumitas. "You shouldn't hold anger at him Bounty." He said walking with me. Bounty only bowed, being outranked by him.
"Thank you." I said as we walked the stone path. 
"Don't." He said gruffly. "You interrupt their royal audience, though your merit gives you what you seek. Had you been anyone else, any other son, I'd have killed you."
He'd kill me without hesitation of I even breathed a disloyal breath too. I was still wondering what the hell could I do to warrant such security anyway. I walked around on the stone paths. The ground was made clouds, and since I wasn't a god, I'd fall through if I stepped on it.
"I know." I said stoically. 
There is no comradery here. There is Service or Death. The path of light is arguably harder, as there was no room given for mistakes. 
We CAN'T. Corruption is easy, so the path to true light is marred with temptation
In battle, we protect all from the darkness, but it made me wonder what was I fighting for, if instead of being treated as a hero, I am talked down on, looked down on, and disrespected.
There were hundreds of angels flying around, attending the other gods, the source of my silent anger. I got looks many whispered and as a demigod, and a bastard, all I could do was accept it for my boy's sake. Making a scene would hurt *him*. 
They talked about me behind my back that I was originally a dirty slave from a filthy mortal concubine, and how they *would* have saved my mother, but they were afraid of Lia's anger at them. 
That it was a shame what Arviel did to Lia Over and Over, and that we crawl as cockroaches to beg for blessings not allotted to usThat demigods are tools, a means to an end That I should know my place and I should have gone to a temple and begged he glance my direction, when I knew in my heart that he wouldn't know of his grandson if he wasn't the one who made him.
How I hated up here
.In the old times, mortals once I saved them, they cheered for me. I didn't do as my father did, I couldn't... I couldn't do that to a woman like he did my mother. I never got to know her face because of Lia... Him too. He could have stopped her, yet he chose to let my mortal mother be punished and cast to Tarteron because Lia didn't want her up here.
How they gossiped This place was a hub for Every world so every pantheon's gods huddled around making mixed mingling groups to hear the 'juicy gossip of this particular Herk'. Fuck them.
Many said it didn't matter if my mother lived, as she would be already dead by now. That they couldn't *imagine* getting in a mortal bed to breed a lowly *mortal* as if they were talking of a damn cow, yet I knew quite a few of them had They had no mothers; many of them were created They will never know the sting of being bound, mistreated, hungry, or whipped  They sit up here and eat offerings, giving scraps to their few favorites
"Halt." Said the God of War, Aris. He looked enraged, though more than just his naturally passive sour face It made them silent.
He was hunched over a bit, with his faded crimson wings tattered, unable to be used anymore. Today, he wasn't in his armor, just red and gold trimmed robes. I believe they were ripped off in the most painful way by King Xaxas. It made me wonder did he come over here to heckle me too.
"What business do you have?" I respectfully asked Aris. He hadn't said anything to add to the salted wound, so I wouldn't be mad at him.
"I will be your voice." He said firmly. " I know the sting of losing sons. I don't know what it's like to be mortal, but I will aid you as I bless my little ones." He said putting a hand on my shoulder. He was only decrepit because of a lost battle; in a few thousand years he will be fine.
"Then I accept. I come for my child." I said as the three of us walked.
"Mother's champion right? Dyann Right?" He asked.
"Diana. She's the Fae Queen." I said as he smiled lightly.
"If father does not aid you, I will. I may be injured, but I'm not dead." He said proudly. They bowed as he walked, and made way for him. He was still father's favorite, the god of all war on every world He absorbed the rest It made him, I believe, number 6 in the Royal Pantheon.
His presence made them silent, and I was thankful. I think that was why he offered a hand something rare 
"I did. You did not come here to be belittled, heckled, and disrespected. Last time I checked, you saved my mother. I mean to thank you for that." He said simply. 
"It was nothing. I wouldn't allow such a level of disruption." I said as we finally got there Those who were in the throne room sat on thrones as well, though father and the Horned One's were atop a high flight of stairs. The four thrones held the four gods who ruled as Kings and Queens of all there is
Father sat on his throne It was solid gold, and his angels glared at me as if I did something wrong. I could see a thin thread between father and Lia now, something he should have done eons ago. Maybe then I'd have been born the God of Strength, something he would have been proud of.
"You bring yourself here?" Father asked completely disgruntled. The Earth Goddess was at his right, and the throne of the Horned One  wasn't empty.
He was here too. He also looked pretty pissed. Queen Lulliba looked sad, while Queen Lia looked at me with indifference. I was still a bastard, no matter what I'd done for her. My mirror image of father only reminded her of another affair.
I kneeled. "I don't know what I've done to warrant the hostility of all the gods, but I come for my child." 
"We know." Said the Horned One. "How do you want him to die?" 
I blinked there stupidly.
"I I don't understand." I said looking up. I was allowed to stand in their presence, but it was hard to do so. They were a cut above us all by quite a bit, to the point to where I contemplated remaining kneeling. It was easier to balance.
"You made a Lesser Contradiction." Said father. "I made one because I was jealous I believe so were you."
###chapter 107
Herculian
"I was I saw how happy the Night side is I see how much comradery they have for each other, and the ties they share because there are so few of them. I have as many brothers and sisters as there are visible stars in my realm I I wished I had that." I looked down in shame
I'd made the very thing that killed my brothers 
"He" This pained me The Shame "They were to be as brothers My son was to pave the way for Hell and Haven to have peace"
"You lot" Said the Horned One. His emotionless face made me question how he felt. "The mortal is not divine enough to be a massive threat, but he does carry god's blood. That's enough to make him a problem should you fail him."
"I won't fail." I said firmly. "Allow me to raise him. I'll cull him myself if he lifts a finger to harm your wife." I bowed for my son's sake, but father's wife was now his mate His worry for her superseded the bastard grandson from a bastard son
"I want you to kill the boy before he speaks." Said father. How could he order such a thing?
"He isn't even born yet." I hissed. I could feel a cold blade on the back of my neck. I knew it was possibly Michael "Forgive my tone." I said angrily.
"If you have qualms of tone, I hope you're ready for mine Kneel Uriel." Growled War. "He intends to be in his boy's life. Lesser Contradiction cannot harm mother. Why are you so bent on this?" He hissed.
"Because I know better. The moment he speaks, he will become who he's meant to be, a destroyer."
"But you aren't giving him a chance to choose his fate." Said War. "Was it not you who encourages that?"
"You better not go deliver that creature." Arviel growled standing, not acknowledging War's comment. "You saw how badly she suffered."
The God of war left.
"THAT LITTLE-" He was cut off.
"Husband do not speak for me." Said Lia. "There's more than enough Champions to deal with him when he's born. Bless the child." She said soothingly. Only her words were heard it seemed.
"I bless him with light. May it outshine the darkness in his heart." He grumbled.
"Aris is right." Said The Horned One in agreement with Queen Lia. "Your son came here for guidance and blessings, not ruin to his house. This is why you keep having problems with your blood. Another, albeit quarter god of Contradiction would not have been made if there was nothing to envy."
I felt ashamed for that envy but it's hard not to covet wanting love. I didn't *get* to be a child. I got to be an orphan and a slave Kaizen, even as a fugitive, was treated better than I Diana gives me that love in her own selfish way I left. 
When I got home, he was in the God of War's arms, and Diana looked disheveled and exhausted but my half-brother lent her his strength
My boy was put in my arms "Name him." She panted. I'd Just missed it.
"Hillius. He reminds me of a summer day." I said being handed my son. 
He did smell of contradiction, though not nearly as strong as a demigod. He was essentially mortal, and had Diana been human, he'd probably have had a human lifespan.
-----Willow-----
With the pups 5 and a half months now they slept like little champs. They laid on our bed after I fed them, and we all curled up. I was sore. I was so out of shape. I could feel my muscles ache, knowing that I was invited for basic training proper, and my mate signed me up.
For the next 4 months, I'll be trained in basic combat that's something I felt like I did need. Every mate of all the other members of the royal family, including Samira had at least Some training I'm doing it so I'm not an easy target. 
Fuck I'm sick of that. I'm not stupid either though Some of the creatures we deal with will always bee too much to handle, but with something I can at least attempt to defend myself, or get away.
I was given enough strength that I could keep up with those burly men We ran 15 miles yesterday and practiced shifting, then we mock fought a dummy. Captain Lu said soon he's going to turn us out in pairs, and I'd get a 'battle buddy' tomorrow. They were supposed to be my partner until training's over. 
That person would also be my sparring partner. I was nervous about that part I'd never hunted, fought anyone, or really knew What I could do with my powers. To be safe about it, they said that my partner might wind up being someone other than a werewolf, and I was fine with that. They were spending this time to teach it to me.
I also wanted to be the Luna this pack needed 
I found out that bad Lunas don't participate in pack affairs, but also being weak and over-depending on the Alpha is just as bad. Nobody expects me to be Xenai Warrior Princess, but nobody needed a leader who wasn't up to snuff. 
"Sleep." Said Kaizen. "You're too loud."
"Sorry." I mumbled sheepishly. He held me a little closer, and I rested my head on his arm.
This week was hard with all the new arrivals, and managing the rich snobs who wanted the town to stay high end and exclusive. I knew he'd asked me to quiet down, but we did have to meet with Mr. Porter, a goblin noble tomorrow. Kaizen wanted more land, but the next lot over belonged to him. Mr. Porter didn't seem keen on commoners living so close to him, and considered moving anyway
I don't know what they expect. With a pack will come all income, social status, and rank levelsNot everyone is a former CEO, or royal blood who only lives here because there's a target on their back.
I slept though. I learned that sleep is precious, and to get it while I can.
There was an explosion that followed a blinding flash of light. It was so bright, that I was legitimately blinded a few seconds. 
I screamed from the surprise. The pups woke screaming, as they could hear now, and see a bit too 
"What is the meaning of this?!" Growled Eternya. There was another explosion, though this time it was in our bedroom. Shuffling sounds and a baby could be heard upset. They weren't crying yet, but if this kept up, they would be.
"Get off! It's me! I wanted you all to see!" Beamed someone who lit up our bedroom with their bright light. The regular lights were turn on, and my pups screamed at being startled awake...
"It's 4 in the *fucking* morning Herculian!" Yelled Kaizen, nearly tossing a pillow if not for the toddler in Herculian's arms. Their father's initial hostility made the pups squeak worse in fear "Damnit."
"I got them." I said shaking my head. It was too startling for any baby. Now I would have to deal with fussy twins.
"Sorry I wanted you to see Hillius I wanted you to meet him, that you know he exists" He held up the newborn baby boy. Well He wasn't exactly 'newborn'. He looked about 4? "Come hold him." He encouraged. He put the chocolate little boy in my mate's arms before he could protest. 
"He smells like like the sun." Kaizen admitted. "Welcome to the world, and receive my blessing. Brother, why do you speak as if this is your son's last day?" 
"It very well may be Father is dissatisfied with him.He is a Lesser Contradiciton" He said as if he were ashamed. "That is *my* fault."
The boy looked almost frustrated, but he gave Kaizen a hug. My mate petted the boy's white hair. He looked exactly like his father if not for the darker complexion. It was rich, like dark chocolate, and he did smell like light. That was actually interesting I could tell he was marked by the Lord of Light by scent.
"What's the blessing you had in mind?" I asked.
Kaizen pressed his forehead to his nephew, and his flame appeared between his horns. "This one holds darkness in his heart." He said firmly. 
"I know." Said HerculianHe looked upset, but I could understand it... his child is meant for Arviel's army. "Father wishes me to slay my son before he can speak."
"Then may ne never utter a word." Said Kaizen. "If that is the catalyst to make another problemanother Contradiction may your tongue be tied, little Hillius. May you live this life in the light you're meant to. But in return I only think it fair I will give him ability to link and communicate with his mind." He kissed his forehead, and passed him to his father.
"That's smart thinking." Said Herculian. "Thank you"
"My only issue is that my house has a draft. Go be with your wife. Today is meant to be joyous." Said Kaizen.
"Diana said he should be able to speak in a few hours." Said Herculian. "I suppose now it will be telepathic."
"Aye. His eyes flash red already." Said Kaizen. "You will have your 'voice' by sunrise, and *you* need to take your son home before Diana loses her mind. I hope she doesn't think you went to carry out his orders."
"I wanted you to be the first to see." Herculian grinned wide
"Go with my blessing Hillius." Said Kaizen. "May his blades never cross his kin. May they all love each other as littermates." He passed Hillius back to Herculian
"That's a good blessing." Said Herculian.
"It is. Now go home before Diana loses her mind. You literally took a newborn babe states away to show him off." Said Kaizen. They pressed foreheads together, something I knew only very close people did with each other
"Never expected to be treated as a brother." Said Herculian.
"You protect the world as much as I do. As far as I'm concerned, you're an honorary wolf." Kaizen chuckled.
"Sorry for the surprise this morning... and sorry I broke your window and alerted your guards." He vanished by becoming a beam of light.
"Everyone . Go to bed. We'll fix it in the morning." Complained Kaizen. 
###chapter 108
Willow
[Oh my gods, Shut UP Little Creature!] Snarled Kaizen I didn't sleep hardly at all, nor him. I could understand the snappiness.
Morning came but there was chaos. We were woken by a trapped bird. It squawked I think it was a starling, as it *screamed* bloody murder.
"The bed's fine it's only the wall." I said trying to mentally make peace with the house being destroyed .. again.
I think Kaizen needs to learn Xaxas's magic.
"I heard that. I can't. What he does alters reality itself. Air becomes wood and stone, and glass is materialized from nothing. That kind of magic isn't permitted for mortals." He complained. "And if I call him, he's going to probably say something like 'call a contractor'."
"True." I complained with him Gods the pups were angry this morning. They squeaked loudly at all the disturbance, as the bird still hadn't escaped despite the gaping hole it flew in to be in here in the first place!  "Shoo!" I growled, getting the bottles for the boys. 
You could see clear through the house Eternya had to have been outside, saw the flash of light, and did his dutyHerculian is a good guy but he is a little dense. If he did that to any of the trio, I'm sure the reaction would have been the same with Tyson and Grace.
He broke the window flying in here, and Eternya. Well At least the house didn't burn down
The morning came quickly, but to be fair I had no real respite last night. The boom of the window breaking, Eternya's sword swinging, and the sudden breaking of the walls and windows made it hard to even think about closing my eyes. 
Thankfully the boys slept some. Their schedules were off, but it'll work out and Kaizen if not for the chirping waking us up. 
"If It Doesn't Shut Up, I'm eating it." Growled Kaizen.
"You won't!" I yelled, but he had the boys this time. His threat was empty with his hands full.
"It'll take only One bite." He complained. "Get out of here you little shit!" 
I tried flapping my arms at it, and the bird flew out. The hole took up at least 8 feet of the wall. "Gods damn it Eternya."
"At least I didn't fuck up the whole yard." He said coming up the stairs. His timing was good. He held his hand out, and the bird landed on his finger and bowed. "Fly." He said letting it out.
"The yard is toast, isn't it?" Said Kaizen. He just sounded defeated. He wasn't even mad. We made our way to the office, and I put the milk in the microwave.
". Yeah. I finally got it out." He said rubbing the back of his neck. "When I saw the flash Lord Kai-" Eternya was cut off.
"You did your job Flaming One. This house is replaceable, my wife and pups are not." My mate yawned. "At least no one important is coming over for anything."
"The Goblin Lord." I reminded him. The milk was perfect now.
"Awe shit.  I forgot about the nobles." The pups licked his face and he got Vex, while I gave Ari his bottle.
I think we should hold office at the security station until they fix all this" I admitted. There was an office there a clean one.
"That's not a bad idea." Said Kaizen. 
We got the boys ready by wiping them down with a warm towel. They weren't dirty, and they went to the potty without any problem. I just threw on a dress with pockets and some sneakers. We went downstairs, and the ride wasn't that long, only 10 minutes with traffic.
Stuff that we needed was put in a box, and the boys could run around safely on the floor of the office at the intake, instead of worrying half to death that they put all that rubble in their mouths. 
"You don't have to justify not wanting to work in the office." Kaizen chuckled. He pulled over, and when he parked, he got the heavy box and I had the boys.
"I heard about Lord Herculian." Said Sentinel shaking his head. "You can use my office until your house is fixed."
"I'm waiting for the contractor to get back with us." Said Kaizen. "So many walls were knocked out, I want to make sure it's safe to go back upstairs."
"I didn't even think of that!" I yelled.
He petted my head. "Simmer down. I'm sure we could bum off Flora, or Elinore. She's got a house too." He said thinking out loud.
----Kaizen-----
The half angel's office  It was immaculate. There wasn't a paper out of place. Things were coded by color and name I almost felt out of place with my box of bullshit. It was my personal pc, since I still hadn't ordered a laptop from the MoonPack website, nor did I have my files organized. He cringed on seeing the box on the floor.
I was my true height. I didn't feel like hiding myself today. Nobody should be *that* surprised by now.
"If you need me, I'll be with the humans. They wanted to learn cantrips, and I don't mind teaching them." Sentinel said honestly.
"So long as they don't use that to escape, I don't care." I said truthfully. If they wanted a Church down there "Say, could you request a priest? I figure if they want to worship their god, I have no issue." 
"That's a good idea. We can use the library. Eskaal brought all his old academic material from his imprisonment. Let me call Rodrick. I bet he'll get a good candidate here by sundown." With that he left. 
I got the dreaded text Sixty Fucking Thousand Gods I may as well buy another house! I'd already used homeowner's insurance too. What a headache. I didn't tell Willow. She knew it was expensive, but if she asks, I'll come clean.
It took a little time for everyone to figure out exactly what to do to patch the wall And the outer wall again At this rate the original house won't exist; it'll just be a mash of new patches.
With the boys playing on the floor, I got ready to meet with this noble. He's the new 4th seat for goblins. Before that, I believe he comes from the original line of goblins who ran Atlantis, their home country. It sank because they traded with humans, and it sent this world into the dark ages.
Had Atlantis not blown up, flying cars would have been a thing, as I was told the technology was already invented, but they thought it best not to reintroduce it.
He came in Sentinel's office, wearing a suit An expensive one. I think he thought he was coming to meet a stuffy noble prince, not a casual Alpha in clean, but heavily stained clothes.
We shook wrists, and he needed my box to sit above the angel's table. He was probably 3 feet tall He went to my thigh. 
"I saw the smoke. Sorry about your house blowing up." Mr. Porter said with a slight smile.
"I'm just glad everyone is alright. I can get more stuff." I told him, and he nodded, but I could tell he didn't get it. 
Goblins were kind of like dragons in that regard. They have massive unimaginable amounts of wealth most times in physical form. For them, gold held a place in their heart about in the same spot as close family.
"Let's get down to it. My cousin-in-law wanted me to give you a discount. 15 million; 800 acres. I think that's a deal if there ever was." Mr. Porter said firmly.
We did need that land All of it was undeveloped, which was also a plus. "Does that include the connecting parcel?" I asked. About 50 acres connected that parcel to my lands, well Wix's lands, but the houses being built were mine. I bought those plots for cheap, but this was damn near half my assets
"It does." He said showing me the marked land by a surveyor. It was in order. I sent it to my brother just in case. He literally has lawyers at his request, as they live in the castle.
"My brother says that my counteroffer should be 10 and a wish." I said not sure if I could grant wishes 
I did a blessing last night; it was on the fly, but not impossible I remember that was what Asanguis used to buy his soulmate before he reached godhood But he was the Demigod of Death then 
I didn't know if I had a title like Herculian, the Demigod of Strength another example. I wondered did it make a difference, so out of curiosity, I offered.
" A wish from a child of the Horned One for my line of work that's worth the 5 million." He extended his hand, and we shook wrists. "I wish I had 20 million dollars." He said with a cheeky grin
A notification on my phone told me of the magical fucking withdrawal.
"You LITTLE SHIT!" I got up and he *skedaddled*. He giggled as he did so, clicking his heels.
My pups chased him with me with their little tails up, but he used me needing to catch them to escape.
"If you show your ass here again, I'm gonna find out what goblin tastes like!" I growled. His car was chased by Warriors, and Yuka managed to get his bumper.
[Ass!] Ari barked. 
[Ma Ass!] Vex did after him. They stood there in front of me when I put them down as if they were mighty wolves already.
I couldn't stay mad. I picked them up and held them high in the air as grandpa Kaiden did me. [This one will be a Warrior!] I shouted.
Any who heard howled with me. I chuckled. Their father being cheated taught them a new word. Albeit a naughty one
###chapter 109
Kaizen
It was raining in Hell today. The good part was that I could be my true height; the bad was that I didn't have an umbrella, and I'll need a shower when I got home.
The clear water was weird, as it was cooling to the skin, yet the air was still a little hot and dry from all the fires on the other layers. The ancient Roman city was so large, that it does not end. It actually doesn't. Hell is an eternal realm, housed in the void, as it houses every terrible being to ever have lived. Also, it houses all those killed by my kin as well. Most of them are innocent.
That being said The sign had markers on the road for the line. I was forty minutes into it. five more left to go.
Granted, many offered to give me their spot, but I stood here because I didn't want special treatment.
I stood in line at the Bank of Tarteron. I needed to convert my funds to human money, so I wasn't completely broke.
"Father below. Next." Said the vampyr, the end process of vampirism. When dead, those who please my uncle Xaxas transform into a bat shifter. They flap around and possess the stupid who fuck around with dark magic. They feed off the life essence of them to remain, though, this only happens to those not marked.. To banish them, most times something as simple as a 'bless you' will ward off such spirit beasts, but it has to be meant.
For example, a halfhearted one from someone won't work. 
Though unlike the powerful, this vampyr had no mortal form. She was a black bat, sitting on a little stool, though the ends of her wings had hands, so as she typed, it wasn't slow or awkward.
"Yes, I'm here to withdraw and convert my gold to US dollars." I said looking around for my ID. I had three of these things now. One for hell, one for humans, and another for supernatural stops. My wallet was getting fat with this kind of bullshit, as there's also paper documents that must be presented with stamps.
She looked up my information, and she asked a few more questions. "Your highness, would you like to have it wire transferred for a hundred gold?"
"That's better." I said calmly. 
A week had passed since the repairs were started, and I wasn't *broke*, but my wallet stung. 
I had to convert my money from gold to dollars. I didn't know how much it was worth, but each coin weighed an ounce, and I Doogled it before coming down here, one coin is worth 2 grand I'd been paid 5 grand for the past 6 moons And almost all of it is going to fix the house, pay bills, and the mortgage on the house down here that I didn't know I had until I got the bill in the mail.
"You have 60 million to convert. Would you like its entirety sent above?" She asked.
"No I only need a million." I said calmly outwardly but on the inside I was flipping the Fuck Out! I was being paid That much to kill a few assholes?! If I wasn't born the wolf, and I had a human side I'd be tempted to go to my home and go swim in that money.
"Of course sir." She said with a bow. She got my information, and she printed a receipt He paid me so much in mortal money, but down here, one gold was literally worth one dollar. 
Generals get a 200 acre plot outside the city, a farm, and a few retainers. I was paying a mortgage for it; I may as well see what it was.
The two-story house looked like an old Victorian farmhouse. It was painted white, and the fields were already growing some crop, I think corn... It hadn't yet come up to tell, but the leaves were long and thick. Since everything from the dirt to the vegetables were black, the white house looked almost out of place. The second house was painted blue; it was for the servants. Two former mortals who I hadn't met yet were out there. 
They wore Roman robes, being two strapping young men. They didn't see me, and they were having a pretty good time, using the demonic, scaled ox to plow fields while they weeded. Time moves differently, so the 6 months I had this place was undoubtably much longer. 
"Chompi hurry up!" complained the taller one. The black haired man rode the mighty beast's back to steer him, while the stocker man pushed the plow. That male was the tanner of the two, but they were both pale. I recognized his accent, it was French, yet, something told me that he might not be from the one I knew.
"Yeah, I'm ready to fucking clock out!" said the other. His accent was Ausrailian, but I could tell he was also from a different world. The redhead seemed extra chipper about clocking out. "I want to go see my girlfriend!" He roared at the top of his human lungs.
"I want to be sat on by your girlfriend!" Laughed the other.
"'Ay! Fuck off tall, dark, and horny." The redhead laughed. "I double dare you to ask her!" 
"Not a chance in hell." He joked. 
I waved, and they stopped what they were doing to come see me.
"What do we owe the pleasure boss?" Asked the Redhead. "I'm Ulfric, that's Leon."
"I'm the smart one." Leon said proudly.
"You're somethin' alright." We all chuckled. I shook wrists with them. Even though I looked like this, they didn't hesitate to be cheerful. "Both of us were killed by the Lord of Judgment we didn't do anything, but he ruled both our worlds die." Ulfric said still smiling.
He didn't outwardly seem upset about it, but he was bad enough of a liar that I could tell. All he knew was gone, and replaced with working for the nephew of the one who did it.
"If you want to take off, I don't mind as long as whatever you need to do gets done." I said about to leave, and they bowed.
"That's really understandable sir." Said Ulfric.
"I don't really care. Grow what you like to eat, not what sells too. I have plenty of money, but I imagine you were ordered to grow crops to feed the city." I said leaving.
I went to my packhouse living room.
Flora sat with Hercuilian and Diana. Their pup already had those strange teeth, and ate meat.
/Hi!/ he ran to hug my legs. Hillius was born because Diana got tired of being pregnant but he didn't know that. He was just a happy '4-year-old' kid.
And born so fucking big. I'm sure she's still healing from *that*..gods. 
I don't think I'd be happy with the boys growing up so fast either. I enjoy them being little. I get a longer time with them being kids Plus they don't cry and scream; they squeak. If they screamed like children maybe I'd be jealous.
"Hey lil' guy." I said petting his head, and his father passed me a root beer. "Are you enjoying yourself?" I asked.
/Yeh!/ He showed me the horse his father carved for him. Herculian had talent, as the horse looked very well made. It wasn't painted, because his son already had his powers of Contradiction. His ice burned, and his fire froze. Even in his little hands now, his blazing hands had the figure covered in frost.
The strange patches in complexion were also already forming on his face, but he had a mother to lock his hair And he had a father to tell him he loved him. That was the difference that all our pups needed. We live too long, and our powers are too dangerous to be unaccounted or neglected.
Hurculian also made figures for my sons, but he knew they would just destroy them like they were right now so They were blockier.
[Ass!] Barked Vex. They were tugging on a single one.
/Oooo he said a *bad* word!/ Tattled Hillius.
[Bad?] Asked Vex.
"Yes bad." I confirmed, and Vex looked upset. 
His brother now barked this new word to tease him and of course it made Vex squeak in protest. They were too young to really grasp the concept of 'bad' but they knew it wasn't something they liked. 
I picked them both up and soothed them while their mother was out training. I would be her support during this. She wanted to get stronger, and learn about her powers. 
I could sense how they really worked my mate, but she was toughing it out, taking training seriously. She took their words to heart, and I was pretty proud of her. She wanted to do this on her own, without me ever really saying anything to her about this. She wants to be the Luna the pack needs, the entirety of it, not just the cushy office bits.
I made sure though that her training partner was Elio, since all my greenhorns also needed training, and I knew he'd be able to handle her should she find out some new ability by accident. It was almost comical seeing how drooled over they were. All Flora's children were young, 'hot' men, and my female Warriors in training were single.
###chapter 110
A/n: It dawned on me that you're right Victoria. When I wrote Kaiden's book, the year was 2020, and this is I think almost 160 years or so after that, but the time period didn't change (pre-pandemic 2000's) so the year I think is 2180? That sounds about right?
Also, I was gone bc of stress. My pipes burst, my online degree (the Phd) is invalid.. I resigned my old job (NDA), Thankfully,  I'm alright financially.  The degree part of this is especially stressful, but I've been assured I did all I can.
Also I wasn't doing anything important lol. It sounds like I was out here with the FBI-CIA-Mega Ultra Force, Unit A. At least I went to 'normal' school for the master's. I should have just stayed in my damn old school instead of being cheap!
Kaizen
Lightning flashed, the rain poured while the boys were with Herculian and Elinore. Diana and Eternya were in the human village below our feet. She wanted to see Eskaal's work, and Eternya went to make sure she didn't rip down any magic to rebuild it. 
Diana and Eskaal are natural enemies. No matter how accomplished, each thought their work was better. 
[When I find you, I'm beating your ass!] Yelled Willow.
/I'd like to see you try./ I sang in a link. /You're getting colder. Cold as ice./
[Damn you!] She growled. [Ew! I stepped In Mud!]
I covered my mouth to laugh. It was just a puddle, but according to her, she was climbing mountains. That was probably the first time she'd gotten mud between her toes.
It was raining, but a little water didn't stop my mate on her exam. She had to find me, but I was literally right behind her.
I stalked Willow like a Rogue looking to mug her in the street. She asked me to, and I was planning on committing to the bit. Scaring her was my goal if she failed, if only to just mess with my mate a little. She was shifted, and sniffing around but I could tell she was overwhelmed. She knew my scent, but she didn't know anything about how to actually find me with it
She circled me, completely oblivious that I was a nose length away I was crouched in a bush, silent as a mouse. I was impressed that she did technically locate me, but that wasn't enough.
If she didn't find me by 9, she'd fail her exam too However, I must be firm. She won't learn anything if I pop up prematurely, or make noise.
/You're getting warm./ I half lied. She was closer, but still facing the wrong direction.
[There you are!] She bit a leaf I was still behind her, and her Warrior friends were snickering.
"You'll get him Luna." Said Warrior Captain Lu. 
[Ugh! It's so hard. It's like he's right behind me!] She yelled, then whipped around. [You. Dick.] She hissed. 
"You pass." Said Lu. He laughed with her friends, and she had her tail in the air like the Luna she was it made me proud, but I would keep messing with her.
[What? No fight?] She complained. 
"You can't fight me." I said with crossed arms. To be honest That sounded kind of hot.
[I totally could!] She barked at me. She was threatening to bite me with her posture, and I *should* have shifted and made her submit and all the things that come with being an Alpha, but I honestly would let her have this. I knew she was messing around, and even if she was serious, I'd let her win. Fuck I'd even roll on my belly if it kept her smiling.
"I'm not shifting." I sang. 
She tried nipping me, and I was going to dodge. But then I let her. To be an ass, I yelped. I was so high pitched I think even the men bought it.
She shifted. "Oh no! you're not bleeding, are you?!" She tried checking my arm, and I used the excuse to pick her up and kiss her in the rain. 
She blushed a ruby red, but I had her in my arms now. As corny as it was, I walked home with her like this. The pups were at Flora's, but I was sure she wanted to freshen up a bit before we went over there. I let her have my wet t-shirt; she was still modest about the nudity part of shifting. No one looked at her like that but I did.
"I thought I was helping my sweet little foxy mate, not a shark." I chuckled.
"I'm supposed to show you I'm in charge!" She shouted still a little upset that she thought she harmed me, but also upset that I tricked her. 
"Mmhmm. You're in charge." I relented. Any other Alpha would die before they admitted defeat, but if she wants to be Alpha and 1st General, be my fucking guest. We changed upstairs, and I found an umbrella.
"What's so funny?" She whined with a small smile. Her tail would be wagging if it were out. Inside, it seemed everyone who was from the last Warrior patrol were also soaked, and to a non-shifter, the house would stink.
"That you get to deal with *ALL* the shit on our desk while I get to play with the boys." I smiled. "I'll gladly be your Lune." I chuckled. "That is the male noun for 'Luna'." I said this as we entered our room. With my natural heat, I dried the wet wolf scent off myself, while Willow took a really quick shower. She put on my tshirt and some loose shorts. I had just some sweats. 
"Would you like a break?" She asked honestly. "Tomorrow is just I think a civil court day, right?" She asked.
"If you don't mind dealing with the contractor elves too." I said thinking out loud. I trusted her; she'd do fine. "And if they try to re-negotiate, you can link me." I said kissing her on the forehead.
"I can do that. Tomorrow, take the pups with you on a vacation." She smiled.
The boys were already out when we went to Flora'sShe went right to sleep too. The room here looked a lot like ours, though the guest bed was designed for a mortal. I dangled off it, and that added to the insomnia. 
I couldn't Sleep. I had time off and I knew *exactly* were to go. But I couldn't take the pups to hell, they'd come back teenagers
I'm sure she'd actually kill me.
Hell, the Horned One and the Pale Lady would help, even though they would be the ones who dote on them. That gave me an idea Grandfather controls even the time passage in his realm I'll try that first.
Then there's father; he'll be plan B. I'm sure mom would love to have the boys, or maybe uncle Asanguis, Plan C. He doesn't talk much but I know he has a soft spot for the young. He reaps us all, but he's spoken with me about how he hates reaping so much potential, that the young have as of yet to actually experience life. He's told me that he's reaped at least 10 who were supposed to be curers of major mortal diseases or mass peace, yet, they typically don't make it past 3.
The gossip is that the interference is on purpose, but he also told me not to repeat that. 
Xaxas is Plan: Nobody Else Wants Them... They're cute, but he won't want to care for them, just play and I can't do that to Harmony.
I went downstairs.
Eternya played with the ring he wore on his pinky. "My lord you seem excited." He chuckled, holding a sleeping Elinore in his arms. "I'm surprised you aren't 'talking' with her again." He made air quotes. Herculian scoffed a laugh with Diana.
Eskaal snored on the couch like an old man, well. Technically he *was* an old man. To be fair though he worked a lot of magic into the ground to make sure the human area was safe and thriving There was still the issue of how I'd *keep* that area populated, but maybe I could buy them females and let nature take its course?
That's a little cruel but if I bought 5 or 6 women, they'd either be culled or made into 'breeders' anyway But I'd also be kind of supporting the system by buying so many mortals. They're expensive too, and rightly so with all the regulations. It isn't that I'm against the farm, but I don't want to directly be the cause of mortal suffering. Not if I can help it.
But would they suffer? They'd be technically freed with the condition of bondage to a man. Maybe I could ask for their opinion first? If they willingly choose to come that's different.
I'm not buying some horses to make my pasture look nice. I'd be buying a living mortal.
"You better not be like Ash." Warned Diana, halting such a serious internal debate. "Your grandparents would make the rest of us jealous with their shameless escapades." She looked *so* tired, but she also looked genuinely happy...
"Gross." I said rolling my eyes. "How'd the playdate go?" I asked.
"Fine as always." Said Diana. She held her sleeping son. He did so with his eyes open. One eye was red now, while the other was blue. "Hillius doesn't see them as 'pups' but rather people. He also thinks it isn't fair that other children aren't born learned as he was." 
"He was *seventeen* pounds. I'm pretty sure no woman anywhere wants to go through *that*" I outwardly smiled, but that fantastical bullshit is why I'm glad our pups were born this way, if you could call how violent it was better.
"He should have been 25." She said with a light smile. "I know it sounds fantastical, but my people are designed to do this. Our hips are wider, but more importantly our magic aids us. It's why our magicless women birth less often, or need C-section."
"Also, my half-brother helped." Said Herculian.
"Which one?" I asked not actually caring, just glad that they got help in general.
"Aris. He also wants you to summon him." Said Herculian.
"Not a chance." I said finishing my soda. Diana didn't chill it with her magic, but her hands were full.
"I can put in a good word for him. He may be my father's favorite son. But the God of War is honorable."
"I'll summon him while on vacation then. I'll be on an adventure tomorrow."
"If you're going to hell, that's just mean." Said Diana. "You know the Lord of Judgment and the Lord of War have beef." 
"And that's *exactly* why I plan to go somewhere where I will have backup that *can* aid me if you're wrong." I said seriously.
The God of War when I was in my 20's tried to kill Queen Harmony, my little cousin. I don't know if they still have beef or did they figure something out, but I would make sure my wife doesn't end up a single parent. There's always a bigger fish, but it just so happened that I was the grandson of one of the biggest. I'd use that for my pups, without hesitation.
###chapter 111
a/n: lol this edit is brought to you by Man-O's, your choice for the best moral prefromance! Now containing 20% less keratin!
Kaizen
"Ah yes, such a beneficial transaction." Said grandfather. 
He looked much happier about this than he let on. "I will be back come sunrise, and I have sent Apythmenos to ensure your wife is cared for." 
The pups would only age a day the way grandmother adjusted her realm. This is probably the only way this would have worked.
"Let it be known that the King of Hell is fair." I said with a small bow. He'd done me a favor, a double one at that.
"You aren't slick." He said with a grin. "I see your heart, you little shit. Go have fun and get drunk. Waste your time alone when you could have her down here with you a few days."
With that he vanished. 
Not only was he taking the boys on a playdate with their grandmother, but time in her realm matched Urth He gave me 3 days of time.
They were going to be in the Moon realm while I cracked open a beer. I gave the humans the day off. It came to my attention that they didn't know about the work regulations down here. They are legally required to have off time as employees of Tarteron. 
I could get fined for that.
So, to make sure they got paid, and they had off time, I pulled a favor from Slah-hesh'Ra. He'd make sure they got paid on time, and since he was a Layer Lord, he had permission to send me invoices. I could then pay said invoice through the Bank of Tarteron I also made a work schedule and salary designation for them, so that even if they took off personal days, their pay wouldn't suffer.
Though I'm still fucked.
Eventually I will have my own unit down here, and their housing, pay, and training will be my responsibility. But until then, I would milk this.
Which reminded me Before I have fun I have to contact the Lord of War. What could he possibly want with me?
-----The Horned One----
"Get back here!" yelled Lulliba. The moment I put them in her silver fields, they *ran* as *fast* as their little legs could go. It also helped that this is the spirit world; the gravity is a bit lighter. There's no flesh to push down.
[Ma!] They yipped happily.
"She's your big ma." I chuckled. I figured to teach them a new word, if only to have something to call us.
[Big ma!] they shouted, running around her in a big circle, then screaming, running behind me when they saw her Herold, Grindel their other grandfather. They'd never seen wolves so big.
We both laughed.
"One day you will match his size." I said picking them both up. I held them to my chest Lulliba was *so* jealous I felt the smallest taste of guilt and let her hold them. 
[. May I?] Asked Grindel.
"You need no permission from me." I said casually. His tail today was unsure, as he'd raised his pups before, though these were different.
They were smaller, and already had their powers.
He sniffed them; now that they were in their grandmother's arms, and my presence, they were calm, bold even. That made me proud.
[May they never know pain.] he said giving them such a powerful. Dangerous blessing. 
"You have not done a good thing Howling One." I said not wanting to, but ultimately leaving such a blessing on them, almost a curse. Mortals who do not feel pain with this much power It will be up to Kaizen to *really* keep them in check, or I will have to cull them myself should they prove disobedient. 
That is why we should not become attached to mortals. Their lives are Short. Fragile. I cannot stay even a day on the mortal plane, as my breath is enough to destabilize its rotation. I wouldn't do that on purpose, but I have as of yet to figure out how to fix it without stuffing myself in either flesh or piloting an avatar.
[I do not understand master.] He bowed his head. 
I petted it. Grindel was the softest wolf she ever made, because he used to keep her company Little Lulliba has always been afraid of the dark, and not being there for her on those nights still even now makes me feel less of a man That I should have just taken her back That I should have destroyed my half for her, all of it, as I threatened to do, but didn't because she begged me not to.
"It is not good that mortals do not know pain. Pain, both emotional and physical hurt for a reason. It is needed. It teaches lessons no mortal would learn organically Fire is hot, ice is cold holy magic is *meant* to burn. Harsh words make few friends. You have blessed them, but it will not stop their injuries. So now I must add to your blessing." I grumbled this.
"No Let me Zuzu." She smiled. I absolutely *adored* that nickname, but I wouldn't show it. I stoically nodded, bending low for her.
Lulliba put her hands on my chest, resting it over my belly button. I was given the pups again.
"Tiny flesh of mine. Hear the blessing of your grandmother. I bless you that even though you don't feel pain, you know and understand it's automatic, instinctual nature. That if you stub your toe, that if you touch a priest, that you understand that it should hurt, and you will be injured that if you play with someone's feelings, that you understand the gravity of them shunning you, or leaving. Is that right?" She asked.
"It's good." I said with a nod. "I bless them as well." I said waving my hand over them. I reinforced Lulliba's blessing, as she is much weaker than I. "May they hold a virtuous heart, and wield their power with honor."
Double blessings How I *cheated* but technically my mate's blessings had two parts so technically I needed to balance them. Words hold power, but none more than mine.
So much magic on children so small put them to sleep. I cleaned them with magic, and I would let them have their naptime. My mate finally had a small house built, a circular cabin in her woods. The house was silverwood, a kind of oak made of actual sterling silver. The wood grew, holding a grain pattern that couldn't be matched.
The outside of the home was round, as the house was a wooden yurt instead of a canvas tent. It held no corners, and the roof was conical, being oxidized silver tiles. Her round windows and half-circle double doors were connected to a round covered porch that ringed the entire house.
I opened the full circle entrance with the two crescent handles I liked that touch as well.
I loved the dark rings and texture of the sterling wood I was thinking I'd ask for a few leftover planks to make an end table in the throne room. It would match nothing, but I'd always have a small part of her world on mine.
Inside, it was made to look like a 90's style apartment, one of her favorite time periods. She liked the look of Victorian as well, but she flipped a coin. To be fair, I liked the almost ACQUAINTANCES aesthetic. Specifically Phebe. 
It was made to be one big communal room as well, thus the description of a 'yurt'. It was unique and unlike any of the other castles of the other gods that I'd seen. It was homely, yet large enough to house 200 people easily. The silver and blue tapestries were accented by either oxidized or polished silver trim.
Each section of her home was its own 'room'. Each carpet on the floor was a different pattern depending on the area. There was tile for the kitchen and bathroom; that section had a wall made for privacy. The furniture in here held her mortal clothes, and the TV on the nightstand had a blue flame fireplace. 
I get why she did that. With magic, one could adjust the temperature of the house with it. It would eternally burn the silver logs in there, making no smoke since it isn't made of carbon. There was a section for the bedroom sectioned off with silver sheer curtains. They become blackout dark with a little magicimpressive. 
"I love this." I said laying down on her bed, a giant pillow that could accommodate my 14-foot frame She did that on purpose, the cheeky goddess.
"I know why you're smiling." She sang. 
I laid flat, testing it out, and I didn't dangle off. 
".Dear did you make this?" I asked putting the pups gently between us, and they slept on a smaller pillow. She'd come to lay down with me, and we 4 snuggled together. This was nice. I very much enjoy having a mate. I'm glad I didn't reject the idea like Arviel. 
"It reminds me of when I'm home." She admitted. "This is my home too I must maintain this realm, but if I could stay Below with you every night I would." She hugged my neck. I leaned over to let her do it.
"Anywhere you are is home. I don't need anything." I said content. I found a remote, and we picked a mortal show from a world she wouldn't know about. I picked Earth, because why not. We watched a wolf documentary, which she cried when one of them died, and I had to console her that it would be fine.
Had she asked, I'd have fetched it for her to dote on and pet but I'd given her SO many animals rabbits, bears, deer, horses, gorses, geese, ducks, lions, a fucking tiger whose fur was made of garnet. It was a dark purplish red with black stripes and I can't forget the fucking fat beaver, the reason why she has a lake in her forest instead of a river. The 500 pound creature was about 8 feet tall, and stopped up the river I made since I fucked up that gift
But the beaver keeps and runs a damnso it isn't all bad. It's energy is used to crush silver for cloud linings. 
"Why are you so serious husband?" She asked quietly.
"Just thinking how I messed up your river. How's Bucktooth?" I asked.
"I still can't believe he can chew through solid silver." She mumbled.
"I made his teeth high carbon steel" I mumbled back. "This is lovelyI was thinking I'd made a link between our realms if you'd like that?" I didn't mean to blurt out such an intimate question, but she jumped on top of me, burying her face in my robes. 
"Would you?!" She actually started crying.
"I would have already done it, if I knew you would react this strongly." I said petting her hair. All it took was a wave of my hand. Now her realm was part of mine proper. I had 5 to monitor. It honestly does not matter. Anything for Lulliba All she has to do is ask.
###chapter 112
Kaizen
I hated that I remembered about Aris I was planning on my big adventure, filled with bare and beautiful sirens to sing songs about off days. To tempt me to stay forever in their gardens of peaceful, though false serenity. They are temptation given form. They tell you what you want to hear, and lull you into traps.
If you can get through their maze, the prize is the best napping place in all the layers
That sounded fun, playing chicken with the she demons. Gods that's such a strange desire.
What's wrong with me?
I teleported to Xaxas's realm, and he judged souls, well the part of him that he parked here.
"You again?!" He growled.
"Wait!" I yelled, holding up my hands. He was about to banish me, and he looked pretty pissed.
"Give me one reason why I shouldn't send you flying home?" He asked with a raised brow. "This is no place for the living, and if you want to speak with me, I'm almost always at Fucking Home!" He snapped his fingers, and I was in fact in his condo.
The location change made me want to vomit. He yanked me here this time I'd pissed him off.
"Now why did you need me?" He growled. Harmony woke up from her nap, rubbing her eyes on their couch. "And you woke up my mate: Talk boy."
"Aris means me to summon him; I thought your realm was safest."
"So, you'd invite *another* god, one I do NOT like, without my permission to *my* realm, without asking? While I'm Busy!" He asked with crossed arms. "Tell me why you're still breathing."
"I."
He prevented my teleportation.
"Stop trying to escape, there is no escape." He huffed. "I'm not *that* pissed, but next time use your head. You should have fucking called. I was busy." Harmony turned on the TV. His character was being shot on the screen.
"You were playing earth's Call of Duty." Harmony scoffed playfully. It couldn't be denied.
"That That's BESIDES the point!" He grumbled. He died. "If RedH3wk69 kills me one more time, I'm finding his house and eating him."
"You're not doing that again!" Yelled Harmony. 
".Fine! Aris get your ass down here." He yelled.
"I already apologized twice now! What the fuck do you want?!" Asked the God of War. "I was *Busy*!" 
He looked at the screen, then they pointed at each other.
".YOU!" They both shouted at the same time.
"S3xyDemon69 I should have figured. You Dirty Cheating Asswhole!" yelled Aris.
"Virgin Pleb!" Shouted Xaxas. "I Never Cheat!"
"You were using mother Fucking Magic!! AND I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW I HAVE *MOUNTAINS* OF PUSS-women. They're respectable ladies." Aris corrected himself sheepishly, looking briefly at Harmony. 
Aris, despite his violent ways was still known as a woman charming male of Arviel's line. Though because of his nature, most of his children that I know of were mortal except two. It doesn't matter though since all his children are dead. They are the sons of war, violent men who if not born in wartime make it.
You'd think the only two immortal sons would be coveted, but they swore to Xaxas, betrayed him, and were killed for it.
That was the contention originally between the two gods, though now it seemed that they'd come to some kind of agreement to at least not attack on sight.
"Your realm is a Sausage Fest!" Shouted Xaxas with a laugh.
"Um." I tried interrupting, but those two I just let them have at it.
"I need to borrow this one." Aris motioned me. "I want you to come rain terror on my warriors. They're too soft."
"Paternity leave." I said firmly. "Every minute up here is a year I'm losing on my ONE real day off too!"
I exaggerated a bit but the point was made.
Why can't I be the bum I was destined to be?!
"Here. Bite it and it'll take you to my palace." He tossed me a coin. It had his face on one side, and his sword and shield on the other. "You aided defeating a Contradiction. This is the first world to *Ever* truly recover from such an event."
"Aris is right." Said Xaxas. "Contradictions rip and pick at the rules of a world. Their existence is pain for their earth goddess but that only applies for one of our children. Herculian isn't strong enough to make a Major Catastrophe. Contradictions, Ghoul Kings, and undeath plagues that's the kind of stuff you may be sent to, so I think this could be good for you. Spend your day off beating the shit out of his children."
"Don't I need like permission to do this?" I asked.
"Yeah, and I gave it. Scram. Either go back to hell or visit Valhallya." Said Xaxas. "Either way, you're interrupting our match. Get back on your fucking computer bird boy." The glares they gave each other. It's personal now.
"You'll keep eating shit the rest of the day. I almost felt sorry for you." He vanished.
"You Bitch!" Xaxas snarled. He put on headphones and they started arguing in another language.
"So what are you going to do?" Asked Harmony.
"I'll spend the rest of today off, then the rest training. I wonder what Willow will do her turn." I said teleporting.
I wonder did she know that she had a turn too?
-----Willow----
I sneezed; weird. I hadn't since I was given this form. Actually I hadn't been 'sick' like with the cold or flu or anything. 
Also I could feel my mate this time around.. I knew he was ok, and the boys were with the Horned One. 
"Good morning." I said to the contractor that came in. He was perfect. His pin straight hair was in a high ponytail, and it came down like a glittery blue waterfall. The tips of his hair was a dark, almost black purple. His eyes held the same combination. His skin looked to be made of crystal, though it was smooth.
"I am Quel'talyn, the Crystal One." He bowed. "I was expecting his majesty, but this is better." He smiled. He immediately put down a blue plan sheet on the table after we shook wrists.
"I'm Willow, the Horned Kitsune." I said warmly. He was bright as his diamond skin, which I was glad for. I was worried I'd get some old fart who hates shifters.
"You're a kitsune? I have a daughter married to one, though Robert just has the one tail." He said thinking out loud.
"I do too, but I can still do magic." I said looking at the plans. He wanted to make the new attic an additional floor I wasn't against that. We Did have a basement but that was in use too.
"Then every hundred years you'll get a new tail." He beamed. "In my line of work I deal with all walks. I can give you the number of a true nine tail teacher. He resides in Kyota though.." 
That sounded neat
"Thanks for the food for thought.I'll think about it." I said sheepishly.
"You really should. Oh, silly me. Here's the plans for the second building. With the budget, I can do one or the other. Some wolves like having Omega houses, as they're close to Alpha's quarters for protection, but there's also a distinction between delivery officers and the common Omega houses you already own." 
The second house had 10 rooms; each one was designed to be a studio apartment The attic conversion would have just electrical and one communal shower and bathroom. I think people would want their privacy.
"To be honest, I think we get more rooms with the second house." I said approving the bigger budget. I was already cleared for that, so it made this easier.
We went over the color, style, and material. It would look like a mini packhouse, and when the boys grow up, I bet they'd like the independence of not living on the same floor as their parents. That or they could just have their own homes, or even move.
That That made me feel like the world crashed down. I wanted them to stay forever tiny and soft. One day, they will have human forms and be men  but I knew I'd be ready when that came.
"With magic, we can be done in 4 months, your grace." He bowed his head. "I look forward to seeing your kids too. I heard they were born literal pups, not just the expression."
I pulled out my phone.
". Oh my gods. I can't believe they're so small." He said happily, but the alarm on his phone went off. "I need to visit Lady Fiona next. She's a new investor here." He said with one last bow and wrist shake.
That took Forever but I was proud of myself. Jack brought lunch and I went downstairs to cook it. I didn't want raw elk, but pan frying it is Amazing. The best part about werewolves they always seem to have fresh food. Heavily seasoned food too when it is cooked.
I bumped into the girl that was kicked out of GreenMoon.
"Sorry Luna." She said nearly running away from me.
"Have lunch with me." I offered before she could exit. I think it was a little selfish to make her stay, but she looked about ready to pop, and I didn't want her worry to cause her to pop early.
"Alright." She said wanting to cook for me, but I didn't let her. 
"Just have a seat at the dining table. I figure I can give you all my baby clothes if you don't mind so much boy stuff." I said this casually. I didn't want anyone to think she was in trouble I hated this aspect of werewolves.
"Thank you Luna." She bowed her head. "I am having a boy so it works out."
She was a 'known troublemaker'. I even got links asking was I ok showing her kindness.  Her situation wasn't all her fault either but no blame was given to Alpha Green. They talked about him, but they dogged her I imagine now though, that they might be nicer to her since I hoped to set a good example. I hope.
###chapter 113
Willow
Sentinel was at his desk typing, and I had one as well. He said nothing the entire time, not out of rudeness, but he wanted to make it clear that he wasn't going to interfere. He was making his weekly report and sending it I think to either Uriel or Nanatori, the Standing Elf King.
"Do you mind if I knit in here?" Asked Gloria. I nodded.
"Go ahead, little wolf." Said Sentinel huskily, then he cleared his throat. He didn't mind that she was 5 months. "I have no issue with it." He said more sternly.
He kept glancing at her, though I doubt anything would actually come of it. He saw them as not only mortals, but not of his master. Had she been a light creature, maybe he would go after her But I'm not sure . I could see her kind of blush at the attention any girl would. Sentinel was *Objectively More Handsome than an elf*.
"I didn't know you could knit." I mentioned casually. I figured to change the subject.
"Oh yeah, I learned from my brother. Gaven still makes traditional clothes and blankets. Our parents are from France. They taught us how to even make lace but that requires a LOT of work." She mumbled.
She pulled out a blue ball of yarn and her needle, and silently did that in the corner. I was on my computer, pecking away in the stillness, knowing full well that my next appointment would be annoying.
Lunch was nice but now I had to do the other part of this, the civil court stuff. We had many different people with different levels of not only ownership of their homes, but also class. Today I had to deal with the high elves, an exile who wanted to implement new H.O.A. enforcements. 
They wanted stricter rules, but I was against that. He came in, head high, sporting his metallic gold skin. I believe his hidden form makes him a pale man, paler than me if it were even possible  
His hair was white, and his eyes were silver. He looked at Sentinel briefly, then me, and nodded his head ever so slightly. It was the royal nod, so he was not only a high elf, but probably formally in the royal court. He was also about as tall as Jerold, though incredibly lean, and slightly toned.
"Welcome, have a seat." I told them. The chairs were comfortable, but they snubbed the appearance of them I guess they were too plain. "I'm Willow, the Horned Kitsune, mate to First General Kaizen of Hell, Second Duke of Demons."
We shook wrists.
I am Puil'zemmit the Gilded One, though I am no longer 12th in line for the throne." His words they were confusing. You could hear two separate octaves as he spoke His voice was low, but there were high tones with it too"I disagreed with Sagrinal, my father is the Second Seat, 11th in line. I opposed his official marriage to Skylia, as he was to have married my sister, as agreed by our peoples. I figure to get that out the way, should you be curious my lady." He said that too so he could tell me without saying it, that he was an elitist
Also, I couldn't pronounce his name. It's impossible to unless you can speak with two tones, as I Doogled this quickly Apparently, those tones give meaning to their words and emotions.
"I see your proposition of F129-A and B Gilded One. You want the removal of and zoning of commoners. You would like us to not only house them in the new area of the pack recently purchased, as well as bar them from permanent residence? I won't do that." I said putting this on the table and sliding it to him.
"Lord Kaizen would see reason." Said Puil'zemmit.
He looked down at me so disapproving and disappointed that if not for my minor Luna training, I might have broken eye contact. I stayed proud. Elves value pride 
"As I said, both of these are denied. I'm not going to displace nearly 30% of the wolf population and about 20% of the other races so you don't have to look at commoners." I said without growling. 
"My lady, we shouldn't have to be surrounded by rabble. They stay up late, drink every afternoon, and make noise all night." He complained. "I'm so tired." That part dipped in both tones, harmonizing. 
"See, That's different. I can make ordinance laws about excessive noise, littering, and prowling in the residential zone." I said firmly. 
"Will you really?" Both tones went up.
". Teens under 16 need to be in by midnight. That gives them enough time to hunt. Adults can be out as late as they want, but any reports of ACTIVE and purposeful disruption, they can be told to go home the first time, fined.. hmm. $200 the second time? That sounds fair. They'll be fined $500 and spend a night in the jail for the third. Littering $1000. Noise ordinance starts at 2am. I would make it earlier, but there are too many nocturnal people here for that." I said thinking out loud.
He was flabbergasted. "I thought you'd dismiss me after my request." He bowed his head. Both tones were high. I think despite his stoic face, that he was happy about this.
He reminded me of Eternya. His passive face is snooty too.
"No, but you shouldn't think so little of common folk. They're the ones who keep this place running. They're the ones who literally risk life and limb so you can complain in the first place." I looked up his address, 2283 Palm Cove He was next to Warriors, the day crew. They were on either side of him, Warrior Haverty, and Warrior Kip's homes. They each had kids and such as well.
"I don't think little of them. My people, high elves, speak as we are. We are the chosen of our people, holding no blood lower. My presence here is a gift." He said with one high and the other low. I think it was to demonstrate his rank. With his people, High elves are a recessive trait. The moment they marry anyone else, they make an elemental elf, or a common elf. 
"Your presence is annoying." I blurted.
"I don't understand, you are a kitsune, married to a demigod. You are more than high enough to understand in both station and blood.. You are at least as highborn as me." He scratched his head. He looked confused. His tone reflected that, wavering as he spoke.
So was I Were high elves snobs or not?
"I don't either." I said with a raised brow. "I don't understand how you see everyone else."
"Oh, they are lesser, but this is my home. It is my responsibility to insure the integrity of such an illustrious place stay coveted. It is also my responsibility to protect these little magicless animal-people with my magic, and knowledge. I teach the witches spells that in turn aid in their barrier development. I work with the Elves as well. They need me even though I am exiled by choice." He said with a humph.
"..  So, are you satisfied then Gilded One?" I asked. This might clarify this confusing man
"Of course. If they can't move, I'll tolerate this if they behave." He said firmly. "I'm just fed up with being kept up with the parties. I work from home for Lord Elli' Nande, the Whistling One it's embarrassing to yawn in a meeting, or have others hear their damn howlingYes they actually howl at 4 and 5 in the morning." He hissed with deep tones.
"That's a problem." I said looking up their phone numbers. "I'll shoot a pack text about howling in city limits. We can link; there's no reason to make noise outside people's homes at that hour but your wording is combative." 
"It is High English." He said stoically. "Though I suppose for the unchosen it may be too harsh Do you think that is why they torment me?" He asked.
"If you were my neighbor, and you called me an 'animal-people, commoner, or rabble. Yeah I can see why they haze you." I said seeing him nod.
"I don't. I never learned Common. Do you believe if I request a formal request for pardon and reconciliation dinner, that they would attend and accept?" He asked. This time I could tell he tried dropping the two tone, but I don't think he could, not fully. I still heard it.
"It's worth a try. Those are you neighbors until one of you moves. So make peace in the meantime." I said shaking his wrist.
"Thank you, my lady." He got up, and did a bow to the waist before leaving.
"I wanted to say something so bad Luna. But I thought if I did, that it would undermine you" she said out her mouth, but I think she was the first thought I heard. Maybe there were others, but until now I wasn't looking at her mouth Not move. Having a whole conversation.
/Or you'd think I'm trying to do your job. I can't afford to fuck this up I literally am here because of a whim on Alpha's part. Shit she's looking at me. What's that face; did I mess up?/ She didn't say that but I heard it in my head clear as day. 
I didn't know if I should respond to it Kaizen usually does, though he does often comment that its rude. She bowed her head, and I nodded like he does so she could raise it.
"You don't have to worry about me. I don't really care about rank; I don't have to." I said casually.
"You're sweet." Siad Sentinel. He must have heard too. "We both hear you dear. You're fine."
"Hear me?" She mumbled, realizing that the myth of elders was real.
###chapter 114
Kaizen 
I was told that he only wanted 2 hours of my time, and in return, he'd compensate me with 10,000 gold. So of course, I accepted the side quest. I bit the coin.
I was glad I played hard ball He thought I wasn't coming, initially.
Aris's realm It was oddly beautiful. It was a great, mostly untamed forest with roman cities scattered around. Great Grecian pillars and statues littered a path to a coliseum at least the size of five city blocksAll over were skeletons, meaning that he did allow them flesh at some point
That. That sparked my interest, because now I was confused. Could I eat them. 
And what did they taste like? Probably gamey. Males always taste kind of bad. It's why bull meat is castrated in the states. I assume the testosterone levels of an eternal warrior will make them taste like shit. 
I shifted. Why'd I have to sour my own mood? Bleh.
It wasn't like I'd deny fresh meat though but still They're going to be stringy and gross.
I totted down the path, and before long, I saw a line of people buying tickets My name was on a damn billboard. 'Featuring the First General of Hell VS the Tenfold.'
Interesting that had to be his best group or something. 
They made way for me, though some reached out to touch my fur. They put their blood on their hands and pressed it to their white robes, which I thought was weird, but this was a warrior realm honor, blood, and sacrifice will be upheld above all else.
Dishonorable fighting was likely punishable by Aris himself. I couldn't see him allowing it, regardless of their quirky encounter and that being the first time I ever spoke with the god. It's hard to see them as that anyway 
I've seen them too casually, and too often. There is no reverence, merely respect that they are higher. I see them more as great Alphas than anything divine. I see Xaxas's realm more as his territory, and I am his subordinate packmate.
Plus I've seen them bitch and complain too. And behave unbefitting of their titles. Mortals never see this. They have no idea that Xaxas likes junk food. Offer him that and he'd do whatever. Act as a child to the Horned One, and he'll scoop you up and adopt you Asanguis likes pets and being told he's a good boy. But that's only with Nixxia. To get him most of the time being sick with something terminal gains his pity. I've seen him shed tears for a dropped sandwich too so I don't know how far his sympathy actually goes and for what.
"Announcing the Visiting 2,932,299th Trainor, Second Duke of Demons, First General of Tarteron, Grandson and one of the favored children of Half-King Zuviel, Lord Kaizen, the Horned Wolf, the Charred One!"
I hadn't entered yet, but as I did. There were SO many people So many different races too. Some I'd never seen before. Their roars were deafening. Even in the crowd, many were in armor, as there was a sign that mentioned that if you gain the attention of Aris, you may be teleported at random to participate. Every single man and woman were at top performance
Each one was lean and toned. If they had other forms, they were already shifted, sitting in special seats to accommodate drakes, werewolves, and even a unicorn or two There were no children. This is a warrior only world. To die in battle is the only way here, that or to be a great warrior of renown.
I howled to be a ham.
They loved it.
[Bring me my meat!] I trotted in the circle. I hammed it up. I knew that's what they wanted, and I wouldn't sour the mood of his adoring followers. It would make grandfather, who was next to Aris with my pups mad.
Wait a minute Willow was up there too! And my parents.I could see mom Laughing at me with Harmony! They were all here This was a set up! That's how Xaxas, who was also *smugly* here could permit me in the first place.
What the fuck! 
Gods damn it. 
I can't be Cool Or A Bum! This is Bullshit!
The Tenfold were that ten warriors who were serious as the Nile's current. They were tall enough that our eyes met on even ground. Each threw down their weapons, and we silently agreed that this would be a fist fight.
"Stay that way wolf. I don't want to kill you the first punch." Said the leader. His gold armor was the most ornate, with Aris's crest on his chest plate, a sword and shield. I think that design was a little different, as Aris's wings were still growing back.. 
He lost them in his battle with Xaxas. He literally ripped them off. I still don't see how they reconciled, but I wouldn't say that and start shit.
[I doubt it.] I scoffed.
"I want this kill. I am the first to ever be here. I am the last you will ever see. I am Rezair: the Relentless One, first son of Aris. Behind me are my full brothers. Should I defeat you, I will be the new Demigod of Chaos." 
He took off his helmet, and I was going to fight a mini-Aris ok.
"Nah take off your armor I think a good old fashioned fist fight will be interesting." 
We are now both naked. Now this was like the Olympia games of old, in a place that looked like the mirror image of it.only bigger.
"Then you can use your bow, and I, my sword." He chuckled. "Your sons should wed my daughters."
"They have mates unfortunately." I said seriously. We circled, and it was he who came first.
He was fast.
To fast.
If not for my lightning, I'd have been hit. I burned him with it but he laughed.
"Marvelous. Someone as fast as me." He damn near teleported, and our knuckles smashed together. We both broke our hands and healed. He too was a lefty. 
He excitedly swung at me, and I got him in the liver. He coughed blood, and summoned his sword, and I my bow. We clashed at speeds I'd only attained in Hell. He was so fast that I'm sure Willow would only see flashes.
-----Willow----
Gloria left a little after two, though Sentinel was still working on other projects. He delt with the humans, and made sure everything was right. He was ordering their supplies, and I finally asked.
"What do you think of Gloria?" I asked.
"The mortal's cute but she's taken." He said casually.
"Actually, she isn't. Her Alpha took advantage of her. Well he strung her along, and denied her baby until Kaizen stepped in." 
"Sounds about what a dog does." He said with pursed lips. "However, she does not belong to the Master. Our children would be half human I doubt she'd want that." He mumbled. "Half angels make hybrids of the other half of them. If I were half, I don't know goblin for example, the child would be a wolf-goblin hybrid. That's not fair to her." He said with a sigh.
"You're the half angel that runs this town with my mate. I'm sure she'd love your courting. With wolves, they value rank." I tried to word it the way he'd say it, since he was so old.
"She's going to birth soon Willow. It'd be a fool to say anything to her. I heard her while she wove that blanketShe's so unsure, and they haze her relentlessly, even the Omegas shun her She hates it here."
"And I saw how she blushed at you." I said putting a hand on his shoulder. He always feels like safety. The warmth from him was passive, and I know she'd trust him.
"That's just because she thinks I'm cute. I get that a lot. No one in their right mind would willingly want me. I need to pick up the humans' supplies for the week with the unicorns. I protect them since so many goblins live here." He said firmly. With a snap of his fingers, he was in his armor, but I don't understand why he did that.
It was so shiny There must be an illusion over it.
"Then have a safe trip. I'll talk to her for you, and if it goes well I'll text you." I said with a nod.
"Let her know that if she wishes to stay in my mansion, I have 9 empty rooms at the corner of Scott and Froster. I'll text it to you." He said flustered. "What would I even *say* to a woman?" He mumbled out loud leaving before I could answer him.
I shook my head For all these people to be so 'old and scary' the fact that he's probably a multi-thousand year old virgin afraid to talk to girls it was a little funny That wasn't a bad thing or anything, just not something I expected.
"Mistress." Hissed someone like a snake in my ear.
I tried my best not to show fear about it. But I did jump. I gained a cheeky chuckle.
"Sorry." He hissed. "Souswaz does not hold a mortal form often, but Souswaz comes with a message from the masters." He said as I turned around.
He was *definitely a demon*. He had 6 arms, being bright red skinned. His horns were only little nubs, but he was long. His torso was too long. It made him probably taller than Kaizen. His face was kind of reptilian, and his eyes were a vivid green. "Souswaz is only a messenger" he bowed, hissing every 's' sound, even the 'z' a bit at the end.
"What's the message?" I asked.
"The highest master wishes you attend. He invites you to an even most honorable birther of generalswed to the First Souswaz can take you." He bowed so low his forehead nearly touched the table, but he was so long that he bended like a noodle 
"No I'm good." I said seeing his smile go away.
"Do you not trust Souswaz?" He asked bowing lower. Now it was on the table. He looked like he was ashamed. "It is the little horns, isn't it?"
"Honestly no. I was told hissing is rude." I said firmly.
"Souswaz knows he does not look like the high demons Souswaz cannot sound like them Souswaz tongue is thin, and split, because of the cicada-spider-snake Sauswaz is." He hissed, showing me his black snake tongue. "They flaunt their beautiful bodies and perfect forms This is the best one so low can do most honorable one." He said that as if he were jealous. "They make light of my many legs. They step on small Souswaz if he is too slow to move out the way but Souswaz is fast." He said proudly. "Fast enough to zip here and bring the little master his wife."
I internally facepalmed. I felt sorry for a bug. Well... a demon bug  "Vow in blood no tricks."  He cut his hand.
"Souswaz vows his loyalty to the wife of the little master. Most terrifying, honorable blood." He said this not looking me in the eyes, but rather my feet. 
He flinched when I petted his bald head. I wanted to cut him off. I wanted to tell him that he didn't have to grovel at me, or that I'd hurt him, but I doubt he'd either understand or accept that.
That was awful I did NOT like being treated like royalty I took his hand, and I was in a large arena booth It was at least double the size of the one in Hell... The man with a cane looked like the God of War, Arviel's oldest son from Lia.  But..
Why were the boys here with their grandparents.. Why was Arviel here too. I thought- You know what, I can't keep up with what they're doing I'll just roll with it.
"Welcome to Valhallya little fox. Good job tiny demon." Aris tossed Souswaz a gold coin. He bowed repeatedly and left. I was given a seat between the Horned One on my right and Aris on my left Kaizen's parents were here too, along with the other princes of hell 
###chapter 115
Willow
I couldn't follow how fast they were, just the red, and darker red flashes of both the first son of Aris, and the last son of Bryson.
"Birrai'shivaal Your seed with a *mortal* made this level of quality?" He asked in disbelief.
"Isabelle is my mate. There is no other love in my heart greater." He said simply. He held her closer, and I could see them exchange links. The other hand had Vexterios, while Asanguis held Aristaeus. He said nothing, and didn't pay attention to the fight. 
But to be fair. They are Really cute He let Ari sit on top of his head, and my little boy wagged his tail up there 
"Son, of all the gods, you will find the Lord of Justice non-participatory in our horse shit." Chuckled Arviel.
"I do not mean to offend. I forget you were raised below." Aris said casually. 
"You're fine. You did not insult." Said Bryson stiffly. "Be careful with Ari." 
"I *Am*" Asanguis complained. "Isn't that right little one? One day I will teach you to fly."
"He doesn't have wings." Huffed Bryson.
"Oh. Well maybe if he has the magic then. Your blood makes me rather excited." Asanguis gave Ari to Isabelle.
"Then have one." Said Aris as if it were so simple.
"Um I don't know." Asanguis slowly turned red. "Serpents are born without childhoods at all."
"But it's still going to be your kid." Said Xaxas.
It made me wonder. Were they planning on kids now? That would make waves in the supernatural world.
"I'll give them a childhood if it means that much." Said the Horned One. "Nobody ever asks for what they want." He huffed. "The just *endure* for politeness, as if their father would punish them for a question."
"Fucking tell me about it." Said Arviel. "I have at least a trillion who suffer thinking I'm going to say no to curing their ailments or whatever else have you." 
"Don't even get me started. Apythmenos wore robes that gave him hives for so fucking long, being an idiot. I had to watch it *and* hear him bitch about it. Ugh." He rolled his eyes.
"You know how long Zumitas drowned at the bottom of the ocean..." Arviel rolled his eyes too 
"Idiots." They both said shaking their head the same way at the same time.
The loud clang of Kaizen's bow smashing Rezair's shield. That I saw The shockwave was felt from up here.
"At any rateLady Lulliba, you have fine blood." Aris nodded his head. "I would very much like your permission to take your bum son and turn him into a man."
The Horned One and Arviel chuckled.
"You have it." Said the Moon Goddess.
"*I'll* train my youngest brother, thank you." Said Xaxas.
"When?" Asked Aris as if he were offended. "You coddle him. Look at his son. Look at him Fucking Go!" he stood. "I want a turn!" 
"Fight me then." Said Xaxas.
"Yeah, and have to look for- regrow wings you fat, cheating bastard." Scoffed Aris
"I could go for a rematch." Said Asanguis.
"Oh my gods, I took nothing!" Xaxas laughed. "You're fine."
"I am Not. Look at me! My wings look like a bad taxidermy vulture." He laughed.
Xaxas did too.
What did he lose? I wanted to know what he had to look for, and the Horned One patted my head with a chuckle.
"This is too entertaining for our own good. I almost stopped paying attention to my other tasks." Said the Horned One.
"I stopped ages ago." Said Xaxas. "I'm still judging though. Well, kinda. The Line's backing up."
"Xaxas!" gasped Harmony. "Do your job!"
"What, they're fine!" He complained.
"I mean the dead are already dead." Said Asanguis. He had Vex now, so he could get a turn on his head.
"Really?" Said Nixxia. He gave her my pup.
"Don't use him to shield you!" me and Nixxia yelled at the same time.
"Wow!" Said the Moon Goddess in disbelief. "Just Wow. What if they need you?" 
"Wait, you're still paying attention?" Asked the Lord of Light. "My mortals are safe. I'm still answering prayers."
The Horned One rocked one hand from side to side. So he was *Kind Of*. Or so/so. "My children are resourceful." He said with a smile. I don't know if he was joking or not.
"Husband!" Chastised the Moon Goddess. He sank a bit in his seat.
"Husband you too!" Shouted a tree bark skinned elf that had to be Lia. She looked kind of innocent and adorable, though legends of her make her out to be kind of a cruel, vindictive- NICE LADY. 
*Lia is a nice lady. There are no bad stories!*
I got laughed at, while she pouted.
"They all deserved for it pissing me off." She grumbled. 
"Nah, You're just a brat." Said Zuviel. He grinned at making her flustered.
"I'm not a brat!" she yelled defensively.
"You are." Said Arviel. "You're *my* brat." He petted her willow hair, and one of her vines lightly bopped him.
"Sorry!" I apologized, but I felt 2 feet tall with all the cackling from the Horned One. He laughed so hard he slapped his knee.
"Lia, you owe me a gold piece." The Horned One teased.
She crossed her arms and a gold coin appeared from nowhere. He gave it to me. "You earned this. This is why I enjoy mortals. There's never a dull moment."
I held the coin a tree was on one side, and her face was on the other I kind of wanted this for a necklace, and the next thing I knew, it was.
"Go Kaizen!" Shouted Isabelle.
"Go Rezair!" shouted Aris. "You know his mother is one of Posidion's daughters."
"Really?" Said Xaxas. "That makes him eligible to be the new Leviathan." 
"Huh. You're right. How's the ocean down there?" Aris asked casually.
"Sour. I turn it around whenever I smell it, but I'm all the way in Jentucky, so I catch it when it's terrible."
"I manage." Said Lia. "I drink tea to aid my in purifying my blood, but you'd be doing me a favor son." She smiled weakly.
"Why didn't you tell me?" Asked Aris. "You too father. I know we clash, but you should have said something too."
"You wage, and monitor war on nearly every world now. You're busy." Lia admitted sheepishly.
"She made me swear not to." Said Arviel. "I told her a closed mouth doesn't get fed."
"And I told you that I wasn't hungry." Lia countered sassily.
"I'm never too busy for my mother" Aris said shaking his head. "Both of you are so stubborn."
Servants with great trays of meat appeared. The food and wine was placed on little trays that floated midair. And I watched as best as I could, though I couldn't follow any of it. I don't think the others, even Isabelle, Nixxia, and Harmony could, but it honestly didn't matter.
-----Kaizen----- 
We were both sweaty and smelled of man, but he wouldn't give up. I wouldn't either. I wanted my mate to see that I was, in fact, at least *kinda* cool.
That and the boys. They'll remember this. I wanted them to be proud of their papa, little and distracted as they were.
"Ay! Pay attention!" He yelled, though scales were on his face.
He rushed me, leaving a trail of water behind him. He lost his balance, surprised by his own actions, and tumbled across the ground to the edge of the arena.
"Well I'll be" I mumbled. 
The arena filled with water, and I swam, seeing the leviathan before me. The great water dragon swam in a large circle, and hissed a language I don't know, nor could make out even the symbols.
"Enough. There is a Draw!" Shouted Aris. "My son you did not win, so I will not make you Chaos, Wrath, or the one I've been saving Hatred but I WILL give you honor You shall serve your grandfather, and bring honor to your mother. Be Rezair no longer. You are now Leviathan the Giant One."
Rezair, or should I say Leviathan bowed his head. His scales were not precious metals and gems this time, like in the myths 
He was struck by the magical lightning blessing from his father His scales looked like they were steel, titanium, or something else with the way they were blues.
He looked like what happens when you put a lighter to steel a shimmery blue.
He, and the water vanished, leaving me standing on dry ground.
"And you, noble wolf, You did not win, but you entertained me. You have earned a place in my arena whenever you wish, including training. Your swordsmanship is OK, but still shit." Aris grinned.
I bowed. "I accept such an honor, and I thank you for the bath." I chuckled. "I'm sure my mate would have loved the stinky hug."
"I imagine so." Aris Grinnned. "come feast with us." He snapped his fingers, and a seat was made for me next to Willow. She hugged me.
"That was so cool!" She beamed. 
Yes! 
"It wasn't much." I tried playing it off, but I don't think I fooled anybody.
"Oh shush and be a bum like you wanted." Said the Horned One. "Next is Aris and Asanguis."
"Yes and I am looking forward to this." Said Asanguis. "Last time you defeated me completely, but now I am your equal."
They really weren't. The lord of the Dead was higher than War, but they both teleported and shook wrists. I was excited to see him win. I heard he'd got double in size since the last time I saw him, when he was still a cheated demigod.
Originally, Lia was to make him from the Horned One's flesh, but she mixed blue clay in, which ruined his godhood. It wasn't until grandmother was freed, and adopted him that he gained the true form he was meant to have. Though he still has no arms and legs.
I heard she gave him two . *other* very long legs to apologize to him.
Lia spat out her water and I got laughed at.
I forgot about the fact that they can hear me as clearly as I hear Willow. I'm an idiot.
###chapter 116
A/N: Memphis is Memphia in this book bc I think it looks better
Kaizen
Asanguis didn't shift for his fight, but rather wore his robes and brandished a mighty scythe. Yet, that wasn't what Arviel glanced at. He wanted to pet the boys. I think he probably saw them as animals, but even still
That one I wasn't so sure about.
He's literally the cause of about maybe 40% of all of today's problems, with grandfather being the other 40% and the rest is humans.
"Hey!" They both said at the same time. 
"It's true and you know it." I said doubling down. I was told I was allowed to speak. So I would 
"You little ingrate." Laughed the Horned One. 
"What'd he say?" Asked dad. He was watching Asanguis It seemed the arena eld more attention than even my sassy comment.
"That *I'm* the cause of almost half the world's problems, I mean *he* is, but I'm not." They both said at the same time  They even pointed to each other with a thumb at the same time. Weird. It's like their .
"Don't finish that." Warned Xaxas.
"What's the harm?" I asked.
"Starting shit. I'll teleport you into oncoming traffic and you'll have to find your own way home." Xaxas warned seriously, elaborating on his threat. By that wording, he meant another planet entirely too.
But I could port to hell then get home from there? That would still be a bitch though Like I'd still have to know What direction I need to aim.
"But-" I was stopped.
"Don't even finish that thought boy." Xaxas hissed.
"What was he going to ask?" Asked the Horned One. "I wasn't paying attention."
"I wasn't either. Let the mortal ask. This is fun. Asanguis and Aris aren't close in strength, but Aris makes up for it with battle skill." Said Arviel.
"Yes, I bet you Zearth that my son wins anyway." Said the Horned One. He was cocky, resting his cheek on his knuckles.
"That's your *favorite* world?! Don't the mortals call it Halloweenia?" Said Arviel. 
"Aye. Only my monsters live there, though I still made the witches look mortal." Zuviel said casually.
"Alright Then you can have Aearth." Arviel did the same thing, though his head was tilted to the right.
"No complaining if you lose. You *really* love your angel planet." Said Zuviel.
"You have my word. No complaints, nor retaliation." Said Arviel. They shook wrists. They both looked at me.
Asanguis managed to catch Aris and slammed him into the dirt. Aris jumped up off his back, and used his sword to block a slice from Asanguis's scythe. All this was done impossibly fast. I had trouble keeping up with the red and blue blurs zipping across the arena, and the loud clang of metal hitting metal kind of hurt my ears even from this far away.
"No, we aren't related little Kaizen, though we do tend to mirror when we are both in a good mood or collaborate." Said the Horned One. "I assume that is the mortals' 'forbidden' curious question."
"We are simply opposing forces. We are not of each other in any way." Said Arviel.
"We are not so petty that a mortal's curiosity froths us into a rage most of the time." Chuckled Zuviel. "We appreciate the attempt though."
"We tend to mirror each other, because we are in sync." They both said.
"There are times when we-"Arviel didn't finish his statement. He made a small literal sun the size of a marble, balancing it on the tip of his pointer finger, and sent it to grandfather.
It went from the brightest little ball to a small, though contained, black whole as it was passed to the Horned One. On his finger it sucked all the light around it, and it vanished by his will.
"Can predict the other." Said Grandfather. "We are the ebb and flow, the constant power that molds all around us."
"It's better that we hold no relation Lulliba is my only full god daughter." Arviel said it, and grandfather cringed.
"I've heard about that kind of thing in mythology. So none of it's true?" I asked. I wouldn't bring up the pairing that almost happened that came to mind, but grandma heard me She cringed now.
"Ew, that'd be weird." Said grandfather. "You're makin' it weird Kaizen."
"So weird. Let's punish him." Grinned Arviel. 
"Wait! What did I do?!" I yelled.
"No, you just want to keep testing him 'til he breaks. He isn't a fly to pin to a board and add to your collection." Grumbled the Horned One saving me.
"Oh come on, like Your hobbies are better, wood twiddler." Arviel grinned. 
I don't think I'd Ever seen grandfather flustered ever
"Yeah, I know." Arviel teased.
"I'm getting pretty good!" Countered the Horned One defensively.
"All you make is Moon Goddess *Figurines*." Laughed Arviel.
"SEE!" yelled Xaxas. "I told you nobody does that old man hobby!"
"You play Mortals Video Games with Aris!" yelled grandfather dramatically. "And I *am* an old man! I like old man things, gamer boy!"
"At least it isn't mate obsession!" my uncle grinned. 
"And all you do is follow YouTube tutorials while I have *talent*!" Zuviel accused, pointing at Arviel.
"You won't badger-weasel your way out of this!" Arviel Jeered. He was laughing so hard at grandfather's frustration that his cheeks were red. "And don't lie about it either! I've SEEN them!" Arviel laughed. He actually had one. I facepalmed. "Look!"
"I Never Denied It. And They're Action Figures!" Zuviel yelled, completely agitated, and summoned one and moved the little arms, he then showed Arviel that his could as well and he did look impressed.
"Do you think you can make one of Lia?" He asked.
"I could try? Lia would you like to be an action figure?" Asked the Horned One.
"NO!" She yelled Her bark was a little rosier than usual.
"Oh my gods. I'm leaving." Said grandma. "I'm running away." This was pure sarcasm, but I don't know if grandfather caught on.
"What? No! Butterfly." Said the Horned One.. Grandma was ruby red with embarrassment too. There was the slightest pink tinge to her silver.
"Can I come?" I asked to try to escape *whatever the fuck this was*. 
"Traitor." Scoffed grandfather.
"To be fair I did almost smite him out of curiosity." Said Arviel.
"Don't smite my children. I have my own plans." The Horned One glared at me like it was *my* fault she was leaving!
I wasn't the one giving 'figurines' of my mate away!
-----Willow----
.
Well, if I didn't see these ' mighty and powerful gods' as people then, I do now.
It was like watching a family reunion, except I don't think any of them exactly knew what that was, or would value it. While they watched the Horned One make a Lia statue I watched Asanguis become the second biggest monster I'd ever seen. The Herold was first.
He screeched and blew acid in the arena.  And melted Aris.
"And That What You Get For Kicking Me In The NUTS!" He screamed.
"It Was An Accident!" Aris yelled, being melted. He dissolved
"I got the arena." Said Zuviel.
"I got my son." Said Arviel.
"I remove my punishment. I believe this is befitting." Said Xaxas. He casually waved his hand.
With the snap of both the Lords of Light and Night's magic made the poison vanish and Aris looked like the normal depiction of himself. His large red wings spread open, and he flew above the crowd. They went wild.
"Your Sovereign is Renewed!" He roared, and they did with him.
"You know. I don't want your light world." Said the Horned One.
"You may have it Void King. Aris lost fairly." Said Arviel.
"No. I'll just ruin it, and there won't be balance to justify keeping Zearth." Said Zuviel. "Instead give me one of your disobedient worlds. Your worst one, a world you were going to destroy anyway preferably."
".So long as I get to watch." Said Arviel. A key was passed. "Eararth. One skip away from Rearth."
"Oh, I know where this is." The Horned One laughed. "This is the planet of 'Detroit meets Memphis' in your words but with mechs." Said Zuviel. I didn't know what those references were, but they sounded kind of like Detroyt and Memphia? On Urth, both those towns suffered from the car and train industries leaving their towns. Crime is bad because the people are poor.
But the way these to spoke, something told me that more was going on if Arviel willingly gave it away Also,  there were worlds where Mechs existed? I was confused, but those two seemed genuinely excited.
"Don't get me started." Arviel Rolled his eyes. "Eleven-fucking-billion people, and every one of them is a piece of shit. Even their children are vulgar and distasteful. You'll see" 
"Big flashy bang or slow suffering simmer?" Zuviel asked.
"Uh No Let's have the mortals pick" Arviel said with a nod.
"I like it, but they may not be ready." Said Zuviel."
"Well of course they aren't. But this world is baby's mash. There are no supernaturals there at all Your generals are green, but this should give them experience. AND you get to see how strong they really are." Said Arviel.
"I can hear his heart; he doesn't want to kill for killing's sake." Said Zuviel. "I won't make you either."
"No. for the honor of the Night Court, and for the entertainment of my master I will destroy Eararth." Kaizen said standing.
He *chose* do destroy That world was scheduled already but still. They behaved as if the lives of billions meant nothing.
"I'll go with him." Said Xaxas. "Bryson you're coming too. That should be a pretty good meal." 
Bryson looked put on the spot to put it nicely. I know he had no qualms of killing, but this world isn't exactly innocent. 
###chapter 117
A/N: My boyfriend is in the hospital. He makes stones, but the issue is that his nephrostomy tube got caught on the door and at 8am Wednesday, he almost ripped that bitch out by accident. That's a tube that goes into your kidneys(with a long needle) to bypass the urinary tract. He has two stones, one in each kidney and an infection with it. He's stable, and in downtown Memphis, the best place to be sick, but of course I'm still gonna worry. Ironic that I'm working on this ###chapter tonight. Writing is part of my therapy, and this is the first time in a LONG time that I enjoy the ###chapters I'm throwing down. His first surgery is supposed to be at 6am to fix the port and stent, and I think July 9th is surgery 2 of many 
Kaizen
This scroll was unlike any I'd ever seen. Half was white with gold writing, the other was the usual black paper with red. Neat. I'm surprised the paper didn't blow the fuck up since their powers are so opposing.
I could see why Arviel was done with this world. The scroll showed me in the form of a vision.
The world felt. Sinister.. The air was stale as week old breadThick with smog, demonic energy, and sulfur spewed out as a strange mix of red and yellow out the roof of every building..
Wrong Off Yet for some reason It made me hunger.
This place reeked The entire planet stunk specifically of defiled purity They sullied and corrupted their world it was long dead. No gods came to intercept. They'd heard Xaxas, and I believe they trembled in their realms, because after today.. Their energy will be my father's.
The people tapped into powers that they did not understand, nor could control *and of Course it's demonic in nature. *
They got rich off the energy they generated, but at the cost of their morality. Every generation that used the technology they invented, the more corrupt the world became. 
The technology they coveted turned on them, as it became possessed by the increasing amounts of Hell channeled energies they summoned. Even knowing that it was the source of all their problems, they didn't stop their greedThey could not handle the negative forces that were never meant to flood their world, but no one tried stopping it, even when it was too late.
Even when their children began being born with additional eyes or limbs Even when those mutated turned on the normal, healthy people. Those babies once old enough to try would kill their families, and lay ruin to the land They did that by creating more contraptions, or aided in summoning more of Hell.
They drown in the extasy of power they can't even control Of course, I know at least a few will be good, but they'll end up as father's food. That was woven into this scroll, so that was always the plan by both parties.
There are no supernaturals, but there's definitely going to be a malevolent presence there. One that will kneel to me, but still.
Hell it might even help.
"You don't have to do this." Said father, breaking me from seeing more. I know father He doesn't want to do this, but he'd sacrifice himself to keep us out of the gods' affairs. I respected that, but I did want to do this.
"I already said I would. Grace cares for her babe, and Tyson is going to work the other half of the planet. For the Glory of the Night Court. This is my duty." I said standing proudly.
All except father seemed satisfied.
"Then I will allow you to be the man you wish to become." He said putting his hands on my shoulders. "So long as this is *your* choice, I don't care. We of the Night Court respect autonomy." He said this firmly.
My relatives also agreed with him by nodding.
"Let's go." Said Xaxas. "The planet's only 11 billion. That should take no longer than. 30 minutes with both of you working on it." 
"Be back before Typhinn Vs Zueus. This should be interesting." Said the Horned One.
"Zueus is going to cheat like the last one of his damn kids." Said Xaxas, pointing with a thumb.
"Hey I don't control them. I let them be free." Said Arviel.
"Yeah, free to be a pain in the ass. Let's Go." Xaxas snapped his fingers, a little annoyed.
We were Fucking Free Falling!
"This is your fault." Xaxas huffed. He cleared his throat. "Mortals, you have offended your god. I, Xaxas, First Prince of Hell have Come with the Third, and Two Generals, Death, and Decay. Domination is not present. You Will Rot, Lament, and Die for your gluttonous ways!" He roared. "Do not pray; you had your chances!"
"What did *I* DO?!" I complained.
"You Moved during my teleport!" Xaxas roared. "Use your lightning to fly, you little asshole!"
"HOW?!" I yelled, falling to my death if not for me teleporting myself higher in the air before I hit the ground.
"FIGURE IT OUT!" He sang, then laughed. He sizzled through the sky, and snapped his fingers. Whatever continent was below us was gone. "There, now you both only have two to deal with."
Everything was on fire It took him no effort to do that. Just the snap of his fingers and I could sense the endless sea of dark red souls zip north.
"So I guess we just start?" I yelled.
"That's the idea kiddo. Bryson's at the north pole of this planet. All the energy is going to go to him, and they will become residents of his realm IF they don't have X's. Use your bow. I need to check Tyson. He should be done with this planet's Europe." He vanished.
Teleporting around and seeing the planet was already in ruin that gave me a little comfort I wasn't I wasn't killing innocents. They all, even the little kids, had X's. Their souls were red. I could see it while shooting across the sky, but I still hadn't used my powers.
Their screams were a bit much Even though they deserved what they got, when I drew my bow, I did so with all my strength. There was no holding back. To do that would make them suffer I don't want that either.
I figured out how to float as I charged my bow One red light appeared. Then another until there were 13. I assumed that meant that was as much as I could put into the one shot It took 13 seconds. Incredibly slow for a supernatural fight but perfect for this.
If they were going to die anyway it may as well be from my hands.
I let loose my arrow, and watched an entire country explodeThere was no more continentWith that arrow followed a bolt of lightning, and anything that didn't burn rotted away.
"Holy shit." I said letting myself fall a bit. I watched it burn. I don't know if I was alright with how I felt
Indifferent This *is* my actual job after all I didn't feel *anything* I had a random thought about lunch
How could I be thinking about lunch?! If Willow asks I don't want to be honest about this, but I will. It isn't right that I lie to her, but fuck I KNOW she'll think I'm a monster.
What will she think of our children? They won't even be *able* to feel pain There will be *no* regret in their hearts And with me the only regret I had was that there were still another 2 continents here. This world had originally 4 continents. on this side, and 3 on the other.
Ganada was what Xaxas destroyed, Amurika, I just got the continent of Canada. How I knew the names I didn't know, maybe the scroll did that. I had a general sense of what major stuff was where.
Their machines kneeled as I killed them. Espanola fell It was shaped like Ausrailia. I could tell at some point the entire island was originally lush, but all that was there before I destroyed it where factories pumping the demonic energy directly from the ground.
The last continent, South Amerika, was the smallest, about half the size of my world's. They knew who we were or rather, the energy of this place refused to aid anyone in escaping the Judgment of the Realm King
I landed. 
I knew I shouldn't, as everyone scrambled. Their flying cars would not budge, I had not destroyed anything here, yet their machines only worked if they could share the fate they held I felt like I had whiplash Yet I could not feel any magic here. I couldn't feel anything other than the dark energies that poisoned the cement under my feet Not a real tree in sight.
This place was meant to be a lush savannah, yet gas-guzzling machines made to look *kind of* like trees, though instead of leaves, they belched thick oxygenated smoke. The air on this planet it is stale. There were no animals that I saw either. Fuck This world even without our appearance would have died anyway 
The breaking news was on holographic billboards. Tyson was already done He showed no mercy. This was the last continent. They saw my face on the screen, and many fled, but an even mix of 40 men and women kneeled at my feet, begging for mercy. I could hear them some were scientists. 
I couldn't take the men There are no females in my realm to offset Arviel's distaste in the human area. 
I also had to be honest with myself. I should only get as many as I need. Young intact females, but they would have to be willing to agree to this.
Gods I felt like a monster.
Should a full-blooded pair of mortals from this world happen, that child *won't* be blessed. They need to be half from this world, and half from the other 
They were silent until a ginger stood Holy shit She looked *exactly* like Willow Her sniffles even sounded like her.I pet her head. "What's your name?" I asked.
"Wisteria." She said sounding like my mate.

###chapter 118
A/n: They sent him home at 5pm. Jeff's alright but he will still need the big surgery on the 9th, both kidneys are infected and have stones the size of a quarter so the stent/ nephrostomy stuff bypasses that. I thank yall for the well wishes and prayers. Life happens. Neither of us are exactly 'healthy'. This is a chronic condition he's had since 16 or so. He'll be 39 in September. Oh my god we're old.
Xaxas
I sat with Bryson. My poor brother, raised mortal holding such notions as mortal feelings in all honesty.
I half imagine if in private, he'd have shed a tear for these filthy, terrible mortals. He couldn't see what they'd doneor will do if left unchecked. He doesn't need to know. They *killed* this planet, and laid ruin to the land, but that wasn't why they needed to fucking go.
They were too close to inventing portal magic realm crossing portal magic. The influence of the energy of this place will poison the land. Bryson knew that much; no one hid anything from him. He saw the same generalization that Kaizen saw, but their hearts are soft.
I can't count how many 'Harmony's' I've killed. 
It is not easy but they are not her. They are merely projects of father. What if Harmony was a pureblood? What if she was human? What if she was a witch, or a half witch like his favorite, or if she was dark hearted, not sweet.
That one That one *hurt* to see, since her sweet shyness made me lift my claws off the worlds in the first place.
"I saw Isabelle." He said in the silence. "Her name was Iris here"
"That's not your mate, but rather an alternate version, more or less a combination of random appearance and curiosity of Arviel in this case. There's a Lia, Willow, Samira, and Aureus here as well, though they are all dead now." I said putting a hand on his shoulder.
I was here mostly to watch him. He's FreshThis is his first world. This was the first time he devours the evil, and they will be the first souls for him to manage, and purge of their corruption. He made a people but he has no fucking idea what he's doing.
That's my job to help. I'm not a *good* teacher, but it will be more than what I had during my first reign
"I I don't feel bad for them like I thought I would." He admitted.
"That kind of pity is for mortals. We rid both Courts of a troublesome world that WILL spread the horrors you see here. A meteor was scheduled to hit this place. You saw what they built under our feet." I warned.
"They can't do this to another planet." Said Bryson. "They have technology nobody has, so they would have dominated all the billions of other peoples everywhere else." He still hesitated to eat, but this was baby's mash. I encouraged him by putting it into a cup for him.
I made it taste like a good cup of hot coffee. Bryson likes it black, Foldgers specifically if only for the price. That and we were at the top of the planet. If I could get cold, I'd be dead. Him too.
He sipped, and I muted the screams. He is not ready for that yet.
"You're a good brother I know they scream. I feel the vibration." He mumbled.
"I know. I'll fetch Tyson. Killing Sam breaks his heart." I said getting up. The souls would keep filling the cup, and taste of coffee.
The boys were distraught, but they need this too. Being in charge, holding this much power has a price. They must shed their notions of mortality. They aren't mortal. I am Judgment given a shape. It's what I do Bryson is Vengeance and Retribution punishment.
We were *made* to stop this kind of shit. As 'horrid' as they think I am for not holding remorse or mercy, they must understand that before this, I toppled worlds because I felt like it. That includes our home world. 
After I collect Tyson and Kaizen, I'll send them home, and kill all the gods here, mash them up, and give it all to my brother. He deserves to be who he is meant to be, because I know he can handle it. He has a natural high sense of morality. It is why he is Four, that and Asanguis got his godhood last, therefor it only fair he be Five, War Six, and soon Lia will be Seven, and mother Eight.
There is so much consolidation that comes with uniting concepts from all over like this, but it is needed. Lia shouldn't be tied to just one world, nor mother one moon if they are married to men who share One.
-----Kaizen----
"Are you trying to pick a concubine?" Asked Xaxas behind me. He was ready for this to be over.
". Can I?" I asked. "Obviously not for me." 
Why did I ask for something so fucking Awful?! I felt like the *worst* piece of shit on this planet
". That's not a bad idea." He vanished and came back. "They said the planet is 100% human, but none of them please Arviel. The Light Court's presence on your land will end with the *bloodline* of the original men you house. Do with that as you will. Pick some pretty ones. Nobody likes a fucking butterface. Claw the Horned One's mark on their shoulder, and they'll end up in your little fake town thingy you and Eskaal made." 
Xaxas vanished again.
"I can't or rather won't keep all of you." I said firmly 
"Mercy." Many mumbled.
"I was tasked with annihilating this world, and you saw. Everyone else is dead already" The only one screwing around was me.. "But I also won't lie to you. Any I save Stand if you are willing to marry a random human on my world. My lands hold angels, but I need mortals to keep them there."
". Will we be slaves?" Asked one girl. She had a thick iron collar around her neck. That would make sense though. A world this advanced abuses the weak to pamper the strong one of the many reasons why it should be toppled I wish there was another way.
Even she held an X. It made me wonder what she did
"I'll go." Stood a random woman. She didn't hold an X, not a solid one 
Maybe some of these X's were from the abandonment of Arviel He wanted nothing to do with them, so they by default I guess go to Tarteron? I'll ask later. I removed her collar, along with her friend. They could come.
"Then I will carve the Mark of the Adversary on your shoulder the Lord of Thunder does not accept your people any longer." Here Arviel's name was Thndrus, though these people merely saw him as a mascot a fairy tale since he does not come here.
Many looked concerned that he was real or any of us for that matter.
"I still want it." Mary said firmly. She wore a mechanic style uniform; her name tag gave her name. "Get up Martin" She pulled her fellow mechanic's arm, but the white-haired man wouldn't budge. He looked young, but here they held technology that extended life by about a hundred years Their dictators ruled for a century, further corrupting the land. He was 142, but looked 55. That part I knew from scent.
"I'm not going to another world to be someone's flesh-light." Martin hissed.
".. I actually need only females I cannot allow full couples to come, or you will pass your nonacceptance curse to your next generation. But I will also say this: If you find *any* of the men lacking, in character or body, you are free to leave them at any time. The only thing you can't do is leave the territory, or venture out at night. I'll kill the mortal that makes trouble if I have to."
"Do you have robot dogs too? If we try to leave our assigned sector, you are ripped apart." Asked Wisteria even the way she speaks is like Willow. 
For this to work by the wording blending must happen. But if I'm going to do this, it's going to be done fucking right. I don't mind killing a few of them if they're rude to them. Many stood with Mary, but I would only take 10. I figured that was a good number
I picked the ones who knew the least of their world over the 'prettiest'. I don't want to make trouble. Eskaal's magic WILL stop them from being able to even make human contraptions, but I didn't want to risk bringing this technology 
I was as gentle as I could be. I felt like a surgeon on such soft skin; I hated it. I hated that this was how I could keep the Light Court on my territory These women would get no protection from Sentinel, but their children, and hopefully future husbands will.
.. 
The last one was the 'Willow' of this world.
I can't keep Wisteria 
I should have never landed.
 One by one they who were marked vanished grandfather got 10 new souls; that's what he got out of it I got a way for the humans to keep living on without taking from the Meat Market but I still cannot keep that woman.
"Wait!" She yelled.
I would not share my reasoning with her. I will never see her again. Well, there's a slim chance, but I never venture to father's forest realm It's all trees. There is no steel, copper, ore nor technology there. It was designed to be a misty place where horned volpines will one day hunt the wicked.
I assumed though for now they may be processed somewhere else, and sent in his at a later time.
I teleported high in the sky and launched my arrow. I waited all 13 seconds.
Blood tears fell for little Wisteria Her only crime in my eyes was that she was too adjacent to my most precious beloved. 
If she stayed in the pack looking like Willow, I would have to live with not only seeing her with another, but more importantly that WILL cause pack disruption. They will treat her differently, even though they would know by scent. She also carries an X like everyone else, but as I watched, the image of her terrified face would haunt me 
Tyson looked just as disturbedXaxas appeared with him in the air I half figured out the whole floating thing Kind of. 
"You too?" He asked.
". Yeah." I said as Xaxas teleported us home. I guess he figured we'd seen enough. When I saw Willow and the boys I embraced them.
"What's wrong?" Asked Willow.
"Nothing just let me collect myself first." I said quietly. Even as a kitsune, she is still so small It takes no effort. I hated that I knew that That it takes no effort to obliterate an entire planet in a half hour, 45 because of my hesitation. 
This world is a sanctuary but if anything ever happens, I'm taking my entire pack to Tartaron. I won't risk losing her. Not HerNot the boys. This was my penance all over again.
###chapter 119
A/N: FUCK IT I MADE A TWITTER AGAIN! It's @inuewindwalker and I already uploaded my first post and I actually posted stuff to make myself keep it this time lol
Willow
The whiplash of teleportation didn't change what I knew, it just disoriented me for a moment.
They broadcast the destruction like a movie it was projected across Aris's sky as if it were on a projector, and I saw myself.
I knew that was part of why he was so upset.. That version of me Wisteria was 'just a combination of 'features'... That there were many before and after that look like us randomly out there. In the Horned One's words, he said it is presumptuous and egotistical to think that no one will look like me in other realms. 
Each planet has billions of combinations, and thus there are worlds where even Kaizen has a short, human doppelganger out there. They are just a look alike to them, and nothing else Arviel compared it to owning a blue Nissan, and you notice them everywhere once you buy yours but to my mate it was like killing me.
Kaizen didn't feel himself, and I *knew* he shouldn't have done the task he volunteered himself for  I wouldn't have minded a twin but I know he wouldn't. The Horned One commented that had he, it would have made much more trouble than it was worth to save her.
He didn't elaborate, but he also didn't need to. I figure since she looks like me, she'd be scared at first, but make trouble with the special treatment.
[BAD PA!] Yelled Vex.
"Awe little ones. Come here." He called our children, but they wouldn't budge. They were 'protecting' me.
That broke his heart too.
The pups didn't want him near. They both babbled 'bad' at him, and he was as deflated as a popped balloon
[Bad!] yelled Ari. He seemed the most upset about it.
"I saw everything You look so torn." I said putting the boys on the floor. They chewed his shoes. They wagged their little tails after a few seconds, forgetting that they were supposed to be 'fighting' their father, choosing to play instead.
"I killed a lot of people I know you saw that butI also brought some women back... You saw that too. but it wasn't to save them eitherI worry because of that. There is no remorse, compassion, or even the desire to care. My actions combined with my mind worry me" He said the last part unable to look at me. He seemed a little broken. "I know you're going to yell at me, so go ahead."
"I can't rightly say I understand; that part of me is intact." I thought about how to sooth them, putting the rambunctious boys in his armsThey'd temporarily forgot because he got their bottles. "You're the way you are I think because you HAVE to be How could you follow orders otherwise? You saved those people that you brought too, even if it was for a selfish reason." I said unsure how I felt. 
I wasn't the one tasked to make decisions like that or carry out orders of that magnitude.
"I hate it." Said Kaizen. "But I do this for my own selfishness."
"You aren't selfish." I said firmly.
He passed me a bottle and a *very ready to eat* Vex.
"I am." He said Firmly. "I don't care about what I've done, only that I know my home world is safer for it I am useful I am capable I am Decay. I am Rot Willow. That's what I am: the Demigod of Decay." 
"You're Kaizen to me." I said being farted on by my son! "Vex!" I complained. We both got a good chuckle out of it.
We fed the boys. They happily ate and we did their routine. Kaizen gave them potty time and I bathed them with baby wipes after.
The silence was pleasant. We both got a chance to breathe.
I thought about his actions, and his words. I was told that demigods who get specific jobs are much stronger than just the Child of X,Y, Z It was done as an additional protection, but the tradeoff is that his job is grizzly
And Kaizen was doing this to keep Sentinel and his father here for my sake and the Hunters
I've never seen other packs, not yet, but I KNOW they don't treat hunters like this. I half imagine they keep them in dank dungeons or just kill them and eat them We took the boys downstairs now. They yawned, still thankfully forgetting that they were supposed to be upset with their father's scent.
"I want you to supervise my decisions." He said putting the boys on the couch.  They ate pretty fast, and were already asleep.
He still felt wrong. He felt like what you'd expect someone with titles regarding Hell would feel like and smell like. Up until this point, he just felt like he was a strong 'Old One' as the supernatural people put it.
But now if someone told me he was a General of Hell, I'd believe it.
They did this to my mate to change him There was peace. There was no reason to toy with us like plastic soldiers in a kid's playset, but he did need to be prepared to do these kinds of things should he be tasked to again.
"Baby I *am* a toy soldier I took my vows and hold my oaths for you and our pups, but there is no excuse for collecting mortals like cattle I look at you, and I see my actions as inhumane." He said looking toward the window. "I need to speak with Sentinel. I doubt you-" I cut him off.
"No, you said you want me to supervise your decisions." I said firmly.
"Alright. I feel we should leave the boys here with Flora." He said trying to pet Vex, and our little boy 'bit' him with his no-teeth.
[Bad!] He growled. [No!] he yelled a new word.
"Your papa's fresh from work lil' one." He said shaking his head. 
I got them while they sleepily glared at their father. He went outside likely to sulk about it. I texted her, and Flora came over without any issue. I mean they only needed care every four and a half hours now.
We'd only be gone about an hour, and they'd had everything done.
In a little time, they will start teething, and I'll start weening them. I was told that would be in another month or two.
I was also told they were right on track, and that each pup is different. I wouldn't worry about it so long as they were healthy.
We got in his car and drove to Sentinel's office, and he was already at the door, but didn't seem too perturbed.
"You're late." He said to Kaizen.
"I needed to calm down first. How is it down there?" He asked.
"They have their own homes, jobs, and money. The Misfit Mini-Village will one day be a prosperous town Cull the ghouls Kaizen. Make the town safe enough for them to socialize with other supernatural creatures. It'll be good for everyone."
"I won't kill them for the audacity of living." Kaizen said firmly. 
"Who cares? They are the *unclean* the accursed damned abandoned, no stolen from the Master. I know that's a blunt way to put it, but I am here to protect the humans." Said Sentinel a little pissed, but he didn't deserve to be. 
His comment pissed me off.
"And I'm here for *all* the town's residents, so I care about ALL within my pack. It defeats the purpose of Misfit to shun the fucking misfits." Kaizen pointed at him with a clawed finger.
"The only thing stopping them from walking around up here are the brain munchers and blood suckers for Light's sake. Don't you wish them free too? They deserve to be free at *all* times, not just from dawn to dusk..." Sentinel growled, but Kaizen's was real.
That was it.
"What of your mother?" I blurted a little angrier than I meant to. He glared at me. "I don't mean that out of spite, but you know I'm right Your words insult her too. Most vampires didn't choose that fate, and we all KNOW ghouls hate the condition they live in. Those that are here are trying SO hard to fit in too "
"You're right I lost my temper. I hate being stationed here like this." He said bowing his head to me as an apology, but he should be asking forgiveness to his mother. Good thing she wasn't here As a mother now... I know that would have *hurt* to hear.
###chapter 120
Willow
"The human men were hunters of my people. They will *not* be accepted The women are from a world riddled with high technology that *Cannot* be allowed to exist or worse, excite Eskaal. Being up here gives them access to human technology It's not a good idea."
"Pause." He made the time-out T with his hands. "Think on it. I still feel like it'll do this world some good. I heard about a town called Sapphire. It's an entire city and pack merged together. Those people live in peace together" Said Sentinel gruffly. "Hybrids are accepted there too."
That was the part that gave away his heart but I get it our world has been in this secret war so long, that there is much animosity for non-purebloods especially human hybrids
But I get it as a former human I can rightly say my people deserve at least *some* of that hate, but it shouldn't branch off to the children.
"Yeah, but that town doesn't have people who become mindless-Holy shit I could give them my blood." Kaizen facepalmed. "I'm an idiot."
"... I'll open the doors." Sentinel said getting keys off the wall. "Wait I don't know if it'll work though They belong to the Judge."
"I'll mass text the vampires. I already did this with Gilbert and Jack AND Flora's children.." Kaizen said thinking out loud. "But you're right The blood trick works by claiming them as the Horned One's, and claims me as their master within the Night Court but they already belong to the fold.. They already have a master"  
"I'll bring up a mortal, but keep the door locked then. We can test it first." Said Sentinel leaving.
"I'll text the vampires and ghouls." Said Kaizen getting out his phone.
The undead silently came to the summons of their coven leader. Kaizen sat at the makeshift desk in Sentinel's office, and I sat next to him. 
I had a good feeling about this If it works, the ghouls won't be as cursed They'll still need really gross stuff but at least they won't lose their minds anymore.
There were 8 ghouls here now, but Mrs. Lancaster could control the vampires. She daintily floated in here like a ghost while the vampires walked, and the ghouls crawled on all 4's.
"I fear what you wish may not work." She still floated about a foot off the ground. It meant Mrs. Lancaster was an elder vampire, but the ghouls. They felt off more than my mate.
They smelled unstable
Their scent made me uneasy, and it made me glad I left the kids with Flora.
"I am Bart Lancaster, 5th cousin thrice removed to the mistress in life a ghoul in death." He smiled. "Your highness, you told us you wish us to partake of your blood?" he bowed. He did look like Mrs. Lancaster, except his hair was thick, curly, and looked more salt than pepper.
The whites of his eyes though were a sickly yellow, and the irises were teal...
"Kaizen bit his wrist. "I think you should be the first. Get in a line; let's see if this works. I only need the ghouls; vampires have control so long as nobody is starved."
One by one, they drank his blood, but unlike Ellio or Jack, their scent didn't really change. Those two examples smell slightly of my mate, though these guys just gained a symbol of Scales marked on their necks... It flashed black and red a few times before disappearing. Meaning I think this was a failure?
I didn't say anything. I didn't know if I was right or not None of them passed out either, another common thing..
"Flesh." All the ghouls said at the same time, but thankfully they only ran to a closed, locked door that burned them. They hissed in pain from the blessed light Sentinel made.
"I brought Dan. Stand behind me." Said Sentinel. "I don't know *why* this doesn't work, but I'm thankful I didn't open the door yet."
There was a soundless teleportation of the Realm King. He appeared in the center of the room in officer uniform. He was about 12 feet tall, clearly pissed.
Xaxas wore an officer hat sat on top of the flaming crown as well, and it kind of spun in a counterclockwise, slow rotation. It would be comical if not for how clearly upset he was.
"It won't work because what the Fuck do you think you're doing to MY mortals Boy." Growled Xaxas. He appeared from nowhere, but the room was red with the light from his eyes.
"I was trying-" Kaizen got cut off.
"You were trying to let your ants out their hidey-hole. These are *my* people, and they *already* belong to the fold." He said with crossed arms.
Kaizen bowed, probably unable to think of anything I didn't hold much fear for Xaxas but my mate did.
"Well?" Xaxas demanded. Nobody said a peep, but I stepped forward.
"He was just trying to do a nice thing but we understand if he can't." I bowed It just kind of happened on its own, but I also felt like if I was sassy or snippy, I'd lose my head.
"You just might mortal." He hissed at me with narrowed eyes. "*The undead are mine.* Do *not* try this again nephew; I will not be so understanding next time. That goes for the dragons, demons, vulpines, and anything else that belongs to the Night Court. The only reason you get away with wolves is because mother allows it willingly." He took a few breaths. His crown's flames were more like a campfire
"Forgive my overstep uncle. It won't happen again." Said Kaizen.
"I'm alright" I could tell he was *clearly lying* but he forced his crown to disappear. "Are my eyes still red? I got work in 30 minutes."
"Yeah." Said Kaizen. "You feel like you'd kill a regular mortal with that aura if they got too close."
"Shit. I got a mortal rookie this week." He complained. He closed his eyes, and when he opened them, they were normal. "How about now?"
"They're ruby but some aviators will cover that." Said Sentinel.
Xaxas put on shades I have to admit the uniform and shades did go together. His hat sat between his horns, which slowly disappeared.
"You work?" I asked, changing the subject, but also, I figured it would help him calm down He breathed black smoke with every breath... His aura was not the goofy guy who likes messing around
I got too comfortable. I forgot how much of a monster they all are; they pretend to be mortal because it's fun 
He sat in Kaizen's chair, shrinking to do so. I gave him a cup of coffee. Sentinel made it with his *special* coffee and French press that no one is allowed to touch. I swear him and Kaizen drink a whole pot a day. The K-Cup machine was fair game for that reason I liked the blueberry muffin one of those.
"Sentinel you like the good stuff I see. Made with love." Xaxas sipped it with a hum. "Each bean picked by a farmer that owns their land you have to give me your supplier." 
"Aye Lord Judgment." He rummaged around and passed the Realm King a business card. "But I'm also curious if you permit it... "
"I do if only for the coffee, and my curiosity of your question. You know how to hide your thoughts." Grinned Xaxas. Now he was back to 'normal'
"Do you really aid the Kings?" he asked.
"Yes, I work. Harmony is the director of the Feed the Need Project with the Great-great-great grandchildren of the mortals who started the nonprofit. They don't know who we are though. I'm a 1st lieutenant of the Secret Police, the Bison City of Jentuky location with Jerold and the unicorns. It's boring but needed. Because I have an office there, they can't hide shit."
"I imagine so." I said seeing Kaizen and Sentinel LEAVE ME! 
Assholes!
"I even occasionally get to use this thing." He summoned his gun. "So far, I've only used it at the range. It got pretty fucking peaceful when people found out I'm there, and I *actually* do my job." He said casually. "And don't worry. They aren't slick."
"Are you going to smite-" I was cut off.
"I don't know. I'm still pissed, but I don't want to get Arviel in my face about his little project, and my brother pissed I put a dick on his son's forehead."
"You can do that?!" I stood. 
"Fucking Duh Willow." He rolled his eyes.
"Oh my gods do it." I whisper yelled. "Not forever though"
" is 90 seconds alright?" He said waving his hand.
"AH! WHAT THE FUCK?!" screamed Kaizen from outside. "AH! I NEED HEAD PANTS!" I RAN to try and catch him before he bolted, but he can flipping teleport. Shit! I wanted that photo; it was the 'only' reason why. That's what he gets for being a dickhead and leaving me to babysit a disgruntled god.
My phone dinged.
The message said 'from a babysat disgruntled god.'
"You're welcome." Said Xaxas behind me. "Anyway. I hope that teaches that little shit not to just go around pissing on everyone's lawn. He's lucky he hasn't stolen anyone anybody had specific plans for. No one can stop father, but they can punish him. Oh, and he only left because he thought I'd only get him. He's right. " 
The Realm King chuckled completely amused, knowing full well that Kaizen was flapping around trying to find 'head pants'.
###chapter 121
A/N: If you play World of Warcraft. I'm on my mage Plunderlord Piddles on Bealgun Server tonight. XD I still can't believe that name wasn't taken. Oh and ###chapter 35 is fixed.
Kaizen
My giblets were put back where they belonged, but it didn't stop me from being Heckled to no end! 
I only left because I needed air!
That and I knew he'd only get *me* with his punishment. He'd already said himself that punishment should be paws off the mates
I wound up hiding within the human part of town They didn't see. Thank the gods.
I'll never live this down. I rubbed my forehead one more time. Everything was where it was supposed to be!
"Lord Kaizen!" Shouted Dan, the human leader.
"Oh, hey." I said playing off how embarrassing this still was. Had he been a few seconds sooner. Ugh.
Xaxas comes up with such unusually cruel punishments.
"They seem friendly, but I swear something's off with them." He mumbled. 
"Have they done anything suspicious?" I asked. "Like gathering wires or asking about how things work?"
"Yeah. And yeah, but they don't get too far." Said Dan.
"I'll talk to them. Give 'um a warning. Oh, and," I leaned in to whisper this. I didn't know if anyone with prying ears was around. "They come from a world destroyed for their technology. It poisons the land and deforms your children. It makes even the air sulfurous and pungent.. so stale they actually sold respirators and air purifiers that ran by the hour."
"Holy shit, and you *brought* them here?" Whisper-yelled Dan.
"It's either stay a sausage fest, or shoot your shot at one of them. I didn't pick any ugly ones did I?" I asked.
"They're cute, but what you said is more important than a damn date!" He hissed, except it was hushed. "Why'd you put something so dangerous on ME TO LOOK AFTER?! WHY ME!?!" 
"Because like I said it was spur of the moment. Maybe I should have bought you women they'd already be in your beds by now." I said thinking out loud before I vanished.
On hearing his frustrated growl, maybe I should have done the easiest thing. I bet by now the farm women would be hard at work, showing their fertility, not trying to build a fucking doomsday device in their backyard!
But that's so fucked up too! I wanted to pick women who'd be independent enough not to take anyone's bullshit here.
"And just What do you Think you're doing?!" I yelled, which made all of them scream. I'd never actually *say* something so one dimensional, but I would put on a show. They need to think I'm the 1st General, Demigod of Decay. Not 'just' Kaizen.
"Nothing sir!" Yelled Mary.
"I hear your lie mortal." I said with a small growl. That was genuine "Stop trying to recreate your world here. In case you didn't notice, it's gone because of what you're trying to recreate."
"I don't know what you're talking about." Mary continued.
"Do you think I don't have eyes?" I said picking up, and destroying the ball of wires They'd taken the motherboard of some contraption, and taped it all up... Mary was just a mechanic, but she imitated circuitry from memory. It was Wrong, but I still didn't like this. I let it catch fire in my hand. The wires melted, and she looked defeated. "I cannot express how serious this warning is. This world, just like yours, is unable to sustain that kind of energy. I will do whatever I have to if I find this shit again. That includes being a monster about it if I have to."
"It won't happen again sir." Mary said looking down. I could hear her 
She will try again.
"I hope you realize I hear you. I'm taking your hands if you do this again Mary." I warned. I looked her in the eyes and let her see them burn. "I know you've all seen too. I know you all know I would, in fact, shift into a monster and 'eat people' as you just thought Hanna." 
"You heard that?" Asked Hanna, a black haired woman with medium tan skin.
"I have no reason to lie about it. Your favorite color is an odd one. Burgandy." I mentioned casually. If I have to prove this, I'm going to get . *real* petty. I was already digging up dirt.
/There's no way he can hear thoughts/ Susan, the blonde one thought this so loud if I didn't see her lips, I'd think she was talking.
"Oh, I actually can Susan. I also know you've been eating all the Fudge-Um's before the other girls. That's why y'all haven't gotten any Mega Debbies." I grinned at her scowl. My southern Misura accent came out a second. Gods I sounded country. "Every morning, she wakes up at 5. Stop thinking about it. This is so easy. She steals all the ice cream left by the unicorns too." I chuckled. "And Amy used Mary's electric toothbrush to clean a dirty plate this morning. Mary's taken all the batteries to run the thing I destroyed."
"That's why it tasted like ham!" Mary hissed. "You Blown Sprocket!" 
"Don't change the subject battery swiper! I was still trying to dissect that primitive tech!" Hissed Hanna.
"Before all this Mary was going to just save herself. Lillia before you say anything you were going to 'let me have my way with you, even if it's losing a limb.' You figured a demon wouldn't want food over sex." I said this scratching my chin.
"I I NEVER SAID THAT!" Hissed Lillia, the curly brunette.
"You don't have to." I sang. "But in all seriousness, you're only half right by the way. Don't flirt with the supernaturals here. Those that don't have mates will just use you. Trust me on that. No immortal is getting in a serious relationship with someone who isn't their mate. You won't be because you aren't from this planet."
Lulliba didn't even know about that world so they won't be mates, just toys. If they were a mate, their aging would pause.
"Nobody thought that!" Screamed Lillia at the top of her lungs. The little brunette human had some lungs.
"Also, I don't know what's a 'slummy' is but nobody cares about race or class. If they did, you'd all be at the bottom." I said vanishing.
I heard the stray thought. Their people classed others by haves and have-nots. Slummies were mortals who were poor, and the serving class. Lillia was apparently a Techi, a middle-class mortal. She wasn't rich like an Arista, but she liked to pretend she was by buying designer brands and overly expensive luxury goods that she couldn't afford.
Lillia was just a spoiled airhead; it was Mary that I began to ponder about. Maybe I shouldn't have brought a mechanic here. If she keeps it up, I'm serious about making the offender an example.
As brutal as I have to be. I don't care if I have to rip off limbs, or some other on-the-fly, terrible thing, I will. I will without hesitation or remorse either.
Those women are *my* responsibility Heads will roll if they harm Lia. Most likely mine.
They all screamed at each other, and I let the fur fly. I'd rather they all fall out and hate each other, than do what Mary planned.
I saw. She wanted to make a generator from her world. She wanted her commodities back, but we'd already had a discussion about it *before* I brought them here.
This was strike two.
I scented Willow at Flora's when I teleported to the house. By their progress, everything should be renovated soon. her children were playing with mind. Granted they were all huge burly men, but they loved how cute they were. Babysitting my kids is literally pup sitting 
"Ah, welcome back Kaizen. I would like to report that there are 3 humans about to be sent to the office if you want to check if they're hunters." Said Flora.
"If they were, Sentinel would've texted. I'll just have him stamp them and let them be on their way." I said casually. 
I could do that because the Church enforces their end They uphold their end like supernaturals do, likely half because of Uriel, half because of Rodrick.
Both those men are admirable, following the tenets of Arviel as they are intended.
"Hey dickhead." Said Willow. She waved at me holding Vex, taking his little paw to 'say hi' to his father.
"Oh gods Fucking damn it" I mumbled. "You didn't let anyone see did you?"
"What? No!" She laughed so hard she had to put our little boy down. She wiped the laughter tear from her eyes. "I did send this to Tyson and Grace though." She giggled.
"What? NO!" I screamed at the top of my lungs. It got the attention of the pack, but they knew at least generally why I was so pissed. At least she didn't show anyone who didn't see for themselves.
Holy shit though I looked at my phone. It was Filled with gifs and memes of floppy wieners.
I will *never Fucking EVER* live this down being called a 'dickhead' is going to become an inside joke I won't be able to shake.
###chapter 122
A/N: I'm back. Had a heart attack Monday morning, and found out at discharge my insurance dropped me in April I've been paying the whole time. They told me not to worry, yet Wednesday I got a refund from them.
Kaizen
I was called 'dickhead' the rest of the week, but today was Monday, and two weeks later. 
My office was finally fixed!
No more office away from home, but honestly the location doesn't matter
Especially since I was called to Sentinel's office by the request of his superiors. Who I didn't know yet, but to be safe I wore my punishment clothes. My bare chest held scars any Warrior would be proud of, with grandfather's tattoo on my back left shoulder. I was not *technically* his champion, but I was a general.
I turned the knob to his office, and when I opened it, he was kneeling to a man with dark, raven hair and yellow eyes the spitting image of Arviel. The scent was off though. It was much higher than the scent I carried, yet, not as high as Xaxas, or father.
"I am Humblon." He said firmly. "As the God of Mercy, you have sent me plenty to tinker with but I request your aid."
"I am on paternity leave." I said hoping it would be enough to thwart whatever work he had planned.
"I know." He chuckled. "I was hoping to borrow you for about 5 hours your time. You like punishing the wicked right?"
"Not particularly, but I mean I *can* if grandfather permit-" He cut me off.
About 5 pounds of gold appeared between us.
"See. *that's* the part I was trying to avoid. I have a small project, nothing special really." He scratched his chin.
"If it will make your superiors angry, I'm out. I'm just a demigod. You're Arviel's brother; he will likely just be mad at you. They'll punish *me*." I said pointing my clawed thumb at myself.
"Then I swear on my blood that nothing will happen to you." He said firmly.
"No. I'm sorry Lord of Mercy. I have a family and mortals to think of. As a designated keeper of the peace, I will not only be missed, but I cannot risk the ire of the gods. For us it is not something so simple or casual to brush aside." I said this respectfully. He pursed his lips.
"At least hear what I offer." He said as I stood.
"Not without the King of Hell's permission." I said truthfully.
"I want to prevent more unhappiness this world Your presence the day you claimed your birthright created a calamity *I* thwarted Demigod of Decay, Surely that counts for *something*." He said firmly.
"Then for it, I truly thank you. However, unless I am cleared, I *must* decline if I want to help or not. I'm not risking my mate and children or the pack. *They* will suffer for my crime." I said respectfully. I meant that the planet would be fine if it lost a few humans without Willow or my kids, I have no interest in being here, nor protecting Urth. 
"You are the Demigod of Decay, living among Normal Mortals. Soon, they will wither away and suffer but cause a wave of undeath this world has not seen since my nephew walked this world in Hell Iron Boots." He hissed. "I prevent that but I may make a localized mistake."
Now he had my attention.
"Your presence will trigger the death of even the dirt of the land This land will become slime under your feet should you not contain yourself. The other two don't care. They have mates, and neither will be as affected now that Lia is the only earth goddess, and Lulliba the only moon. All others have been absorbed by them."
".What do you want me to do." I asked. "If it isn't too bad, I could swing it by Below."
"You're *really* set on snitching." He complained. 
"My grandfather is also my *boss and creator*. Not telling him something he'll find out the moment I'm near is bad for my health." I said with a smile. He looked stressed out.
"True Then know what I say next is all our fault. I am the God of Mercy because I am the last line of defense for egregious acts of wrath. This one was proposed by a now dead god One Normally, those are delivered to the Pit by my Herold Torr-Terrios, but we had a bit of an incident with a mortal dissatisfied with their rulingHe was busy and it wound up on my desk."
"You approved a world ending event." I said and he pulled his hair.
"I approved a world ending event." He sighed. "I fucked up. I saw a catastrophic event appear in my office, and I was already pissed off, so I approved it without thinking." He frowned at my thoughts. "Yes, I have a fucking office. I run Purgutory! I deal with souls who have stories *ninety* feet of eternal scrolls long. You know how many decades it can take me to make *one* ruling?!"
It was why I think the time on his realm runs the slowest. One minute on Urth was 60 years there. Each second aged you a year. I dare say if a human accidently found themselves there, they'd probably die of old age before they were zapped back here.
"So, you're trying to stop an event already approved by all of you?" I asked. "Why?" 
"Thank the Gods he didn't know what world to curse, but it was meant for here So instead by default it went to a random one of mine I really *really* like that world Kaizen. They both told me it's my fault, but I have 3 trillion mortals on my fantasy world. It's the size of Jupiter. My temple is run by cute cat girlsSome are even sentient house cats It's a giant fucking green marble of peace and tranquility Even they are jealous of how well it's managed. It's become a resort for all the gods"
We didn't have that planet. Well *Jupahtori* was the largest planet in our solar system. That's what he meant most likely.
"Did he curse them to rot away and die terrible deaths?" I guessed.
"The now dead Earth God Titan-" A black scroll appeared in my hands That was A LOT of mortalsbut the planet wasn't evil 
Humblon allowed me to read it. " I don't want to do this."
"As you can already see My realm is one of trials and punishment meant for the wicked I deal with mortals who make poor decisions, but I must determine if they deserve the fate of Tarteron. The widow that killed her abusive husband, the thief who steals for their childrenThe man who breaks his oath to a friend, getting him killed, but if he stayed, he'd die too Those who do wrong, but do so because it is the most equitable, but their hearts aren't bad." He said firmly.
"I understand. What would you have me do about it? I'm literally already ordered to shoot my arrows into the heart of this world that it rot from the inside out" I was given instructions on how to ruin a planet alone The scroll will take me there and home once completed.
"If you can hold off however you can. That world has bad beings as they all do, but ultimately It's pretty pure and good as far as planets go. Their world is prosperous and filled with so much life. I don't want to see so many suffer. Not like that." He said honestly. "Whatever you wish within my power and my favor is your payment."
A wish and the favor of the Light King's brother for saving an innocent world condemned to die  I'd do something like that for free.
"I cannot go against those higher than me." I said thinking out loud. "I'll only resign if I'm cleared. If I can't I swear in blood right now that I will take no enjoyment from so much life lost and that I will try to make it swift." I said teleporting.
I would do this right I made a formal request to see grandfather. The wait time for me as a general is nonexistent anyway. Plus, the request will attract the attention of grandma.
Good ol' grandma if she can't convince him, no one can. 
I was banking on her being there, but her absence made me turn around before I entered the throne room. I did it right and requested her too.
"You bring my wife. Whatever it is, I'm listening." I heard his chuckle lick the walls. I was all the way in the grand reception room. His throne room was a few halls away.
I teleported to the foot of his throne and kneeled. "I beseech an audience because I was beseeched by Humblon."
"Oh yes, I already know about that world. Your loyalty gives me pleasure, but that will not change my mind. Do not worry of his mortals." Said grandfather casually. "You understand the instructions yes?"
"What's wrong with them?" grandmother asked sweetly.
"Three trillion along with a planet was cursed by the dying breath of a titan for the innocent to suffer" I said kneeled, but I felt grandmother hug my neck.
"That's awful. And awful that you brought me to help you." I looked up to see her grin.
"Can't hide anything from you." I chuckled. I was motioned to stand. "I want to help Humblon. He's an idiot but mortals who aren't scheduled shouldn't suffer my hand."
"It is his folly. I have told him time and time again not to stamp everything that crosses his desk. Terrious was meeting with Apythmenos. They exchange souls and orders in the In-Between., since it's closer." Said grandfather.
"I agree. If it was a mistake, husband, please speak with Arviel and cancel this." She asked sweetly.
He glared at me.
"Don't be mad at him. If I found out, I've have asked anyway." She went to his throne and sat in his lap. She hugged his neck, and he still glared at me as he embraced her gently.
"For your sake. I will not allow Humblon, nor our blood to cause you tears." He gently placed her in his throne, and let her sit there.
Technically during this time, as Queen of Hell she had King's authority Had she desired anything, no one would question her anyway, but now it was as if she was Zuviel in the eyes of the Night Court
If she wanted to use his power and make a solar system with life on every planet right now she could He sits in that chair to absorb so much power. It gives people the ability to exist in the same room as him I knew that from touching the other half of it the crown. Some things I remember from learning how little I actually am other things were forcefully taken from my memory.
Thinking about it made me nauseous.
Not even Arviel would give such power to Lia so casually. Well, maybe now that she's his mate. That is the power and danger of the mate bond If grandmother was power hungry, or a bad person, there's no telling *what* she could rule.
"I hear you, my grandchild." She said sweetly. "I can't count how many times he's told me to watch hell while he runs a quick errand. In this seat, even for the few moment's he's gone, I could turn this realm inside out, and end all things That is the power of this position. As his mate I could ask anyway, and I know he would do it with a heavy heart. It is why I didn't come at first. I didn't know what you wanted to ask."
"I would not abuse your kindness that way." I said firmly.
"I know, but I must always be careful If I ask, he will do it, and I also don't want to be tricked into helping a sinister cause." She said as a queen.
Grandmother held a glow to her in that chair, and I could not help but smile. I don't know *How* she became his mate, but she was the best queen to sit in that seat

###chapter 123
A/N: If anyone wants a stray kitten, Hobo Jr. is free lol. She's so cute. I think it's a girl but she won't let me get close.
Kaizen
Back home  Jerold waited for me in different clothes? He wore a robe like the pantheon does.
Holy shit The 'missing' Lord of Aggression.
"You're quick as a whip. You must know my son." He said sounding *exactly* like Jerold. He was a little taller... and hair the slightest bit darker brown. But that was Jerold. 
Fuck he even *smelled* like Jerold. Moreso than even a twin.
"I call that old bull uncle. Is it possible to stay for a while?' I asked.
"My mortal son does not know me I miss my mate, but I know she is safe so long as I stay away.. It is likely better that way. Come take your payment that I may begone."
I vanished.
"Well fuck me then." He grunted. I heard right before I face planted into the wall.
"Great. You won't leave me alone." Said Xaxas a man I *did not* want to see right now "What do you want now? Stop singing Baby Cat in your head."
I ran into Jerold's office. I could see Xaxas's door open on it's own.
"It's Private!" I yelled.
"Your dick will work if you use it! You can talk to your uncle you know" Xaxas shouted. 
"THAT'S NOT-SHUT UP!!"
"Come see." He said pulling out his phone. His office friends went into his office.
"Wow it's as big as mine." Said a centaur
"Nah, it's the girth the ladies like." Said another Centaur. "Did you make that impressive foot long sub?"
Another one sung the '$5 foot long' sub song from Way-sub.
Great.
Xaxas chuckled. "No, but it was my suggestion. You're welcome. This is what you get for *ignoring* me! I need attention!" He sang. "Baby photos are next!"
"Oh, I want to see those." Said another officer. No wait, that was the chief!
"Shouldn't y'all be Working?!" I shouted; my accent came out.
"We're on Break!" Yelled the Unicorn Chief going into Xaxas's office to see too.
"*AND* his mate's a turned human. Woo." Another chuckled.
"He's giving my mate a run for his money. Watch out Jerold." Giggled Noah.
"Rawr." Said a cat shifter. 
The Laughter made me feel two feet tall... 
Gods. Damn. IT.
AND NOW THEY KNEW TOOO
"Sorry." Said Jerold. "GET BACK TO WORK YOU HERD OF CALVES!"
"Come with me." I said still mentally singing that annoying ass children's song. 
"It must be important." Jerold whispered.
"What's important/" Asked Xaxas.
Baby Cat do-do, dad do-do-do
We teleported.
"How's your mother?" Asked Torros, the Great Bull. Jerold's father. He disobeyed the Horned One and disappeared
He was never meant to love that human woman, a former priestess for the Light Court but the mark on his neck told me that their love was real. That Grandmother Did This
Fuck if this gets out, I don't know what will happen to Torros since he's a Herald, but I hope grandfather understands why I've done this
"She adopts orphans. Where were you?" Said Jerold.
"Being a coward." He said looking away from his son. "I I have more blood than you. Alavastros is here as well I believe."
"I did not know he existed. I always wanted a child to show what a father is, yet for all but my own blood, that was denied." Said Jerold somberly.
".I as wellmy former master's ire was so great Humblon saved me I was sentenced to die, yet Mercy gave mercy Now I serve the Light Court Now I am in deeper water than even throwing me into the Pit would satisfy. His rage will destroy all Humblon loves, yet he risked that for *my* sake" He said this with shame. "And I could not come down here and tell you Even now, this boy covers for me Here's your payment." He tried giving me the scroll. 
I wouldn't take it. It was the favor of the brother of the Half King and a wish but I needed nothing.
"If I take that, you have no more business here." I said with a grin.
"Why would you do this General Kaizen?" He asked bowing his head.
"The mortal is your mate, your son and grandson suffered because of my grandfather's anger Anger that I fear as well. He plays nice because he has his way." I said quietly.
I wasn't stupid I knew the stories I saw how little they all care for individual life.
If Zuviel gets his hands on Torros, he's throwing him in the pit.
I watched them both stand there and stare at each other. I left them to it.
Inside Eternya had his phone out.
"The master wants to know what's got you so worked up." He said casually.
"Tell him that I handled it; and you go to the basement. You are to stay there."
"I know about Torros." Said Eternya. My eyes see through these thin mortal walls. Had your house been stone, this would not be."
The curtains were also a sheer white all in the now empty living room already saw too
I could hear their links and whispers, being nosy.
"You are not to tell Xaxas." I hissed.
Eternya stood there. ". I have already lost favor with my father, my master, and the Horned One, Lord Kaizen. My children angered Arviel. What am I to do when this gets out? I have to think of Elinore."
Shit.
We were both silent my pups found their way to my feet.
[Papa.] Said Ari wagging his little tail I had to think of them too
They're only well because of a wish One of them would have been mortal with mortal ailments and died young If not for grandfather, I would have had to bury whichever son he'd have made age...
What the fuck should I do?
I felt Willow's hug. I looked down and she cried on my chest. "I heard the story Look at them; they're all so happy."
I petted her head. "I'll handle this. I don't know how, but I will."
I can't get grandmother involved She likely paired them to try and stop the war and made things worse
So much worse.
The three of them stood in a circle, speaking in half-beast. Alavastros was so happy he had more family yet still wished his mother accepted him. That will be something he always yearns for.
"What do I do?" I mumbled. "If I accept my payment, he will leave but we both know and all the Peeping Nosy LITTLE LISTENING SHITS KNOW TOO! You're Not Slick!"
"Then one of them will tattle with their thoughts the moment a master arrives. I suggest Lord Bryson He's a father He will understand as I do Master Xaxas He will be irate." Said Eternya.
He's worked with Xaxas since before the war. I trust his judgment.
I texted father, and he was here in about 10 seconds he landed inside the couch though.
"Well fuck. I'll pay for that." He said having to rip it apart to be freed.
[Grawnpa GrawnPa!] They both shouted at the same time, running to dad. He picked them up and fuck they were so cuteMy little ammo. 
"You do realize I hear you son?" Said dad shaking his head. "So that's Torros; when I heard it from father, he called him Turrus." He emphasized the 'u' sounds. "Father wants his hide as a floor rug."
"He's Humblon's Herald." I blurted.
"Yeah and you can't shoot the messenger. They have immunity. Let's go to Tarteron. You didn't do a bad thing son, but he's going to be pissed you tried hiding this at first." Father handed the boys to Willow.
But if not for his powers kind of dragging me and Eternya with him I don't think I'd have gone What was this feeling 
Fear.
Anxiety 
Seeing grandfather passive scared me like a pup. I understood my smallness. We are his playthings, and this is his sand pit.
"Interesting train of thought. Eternya. You are here." He said with a slight glare.
Eternya kneeled. He was unable to speak, not unwilling.
"Birrai'shivaal. What brings you lot here?" He said with growing anger with every word.
"Turrus is the Herald of Humblon." Said father.
"Humblon sent him to give me a wish for saving his favorite planet." I said being forced to confess  "At first he slipped up, and I didn't know, but he is the spitting image, even scent of the Battle Bull and Like the Battle Bull he is marked."
Grandfather sat there for a long time.
". Apythmenos." He said silently.
"Release me from being your Herald and give it to Noirnamu. He didn't know." He vowed.
"And make the Pit Mortal?" He boomed. "Are you out of your mind?! Why did you not tell me?!" The second boom hurt my ears. It's one you felt in your chest..
"Because I have worked with you since the beginning! You're just as spoiled as Arviel. The moment something doesn't go your way, you send me to clean up the carnage! And Torris was my friend! I won't kill my husband's older brother!" He shouted glaring him in the eyes.
The Horned One stood. "You go too far."
"You kill too much." Said the Herald standing. "I am the only one in this room that will tell you 'no'. As your Herald, I am the Only one able to. Look at your children, and your children's servant. Be careful who you banish Zuviel'dek Noctun."
"You little Shit." Grandfather hissed. He marched past us, and all his anger was focused on the unyielding Bottomless Pit given form. He grew to be nearly twice his height.
There was no bow. There was no kneel. He stood there defiantly as if that was his equal, being only as tall as grandfather's belly button.
"A *right* little shit. Let them be sire. The only thing Torris did in all honesty was fuck his mate, something you do every 5 seconds now that you have your claws on her." Apythmenos grinned. "Are you working on your fourth son?"
The Horned One put his hand to his forehead. "Fuck you. Like you don't wear out Noirnamu." 
"Fuck you too." 
"You're Dick Sucking Height. Fuck You First." The Horned One growled.
"Well whip it out. I don't mind being a bottom." Apythmenos countered.
There was surprise, then laughter. 
"Stop making me smile, you little shit." Grandfather hissed as we snickered as quietly as we could.
"What? I'm right and you know it. Give the goddess a break and fill the Bottomless One." He bowed sarcastically.
They both laughed.
"Get out. All of you. And You, you pervert, I'm docking your pay." 
"What, No? Master please!" he ran and held his hand. He was so small that he only held about 2 of his fingers. "If I make any less, the imps will make more." He whined like a little kid.
"Oh, *now* I'm your master. What happened to Zuviel?" He said walking away, still laughing. "I won't pardon Turrus, but I won't punish him, nor Humblon He's a good judge of character For him to risk my wrath *During* the war *behind his brother's back*, Turrus deserves mercy, but I am too petty to give it. Begone." 
"I'll tell Lady Lulli-" Apythmenos was cut off.
Had the Pit been in the wrong, he wouldn't be able to pull that card.
"He's pardoned!"
I was teleported into oncoming traffic! I dodged my mate's driving by a heartbeat!
"SORRY!" She screamed. "I was taking them to the park!" Willow swerved to pull over, and I rushed to make sure the boys were ok.
[Wee!] Giggled the boys.
What did I do?!
###chapter 124
A/N: It's getting to the end yall! Worry not! The Horned King (Tyson's book) is out, and the Bull's Beloved (Jerold) is already greenlit. Expect that one to just pop up soon if it hasn't already! Oh, and I will pick back up my regular Wed-Sun schedule this week!! Insurance denied my reinstatement claim, and the appeal, so I'm just up shit creek until Obamacare enrollment. I've slowed down writing partly because I have too many projects, and partly that I didn't like my work. 

"More tea Herold?" I asked Apythmenos, who sat in the living room with me.
"I think I'll have a coffee this time." He got up, and got a cup for himself. There was a pot already made, seeing as how werewolves run off the stuff. He came and sat back down, while Yuka passed me a paper cup of black. 
"Thank you Warrior Yuka." I smiled. 
"Thank you Luna. I laughed when Alpha asked. Be careful, they said It's supposed to rain, but I don't know exactly what that means with everything tinted red." 
"I mean Today *would be* nice if not for the ominous reddish-brown sky Just do patrol until the clouds come in; after that send everyone inside."
"Good idea Luna." He said leaving.
Everything was saturated in the single spectrum of light. Red With Second Sight, I could see the occasional demon, since the Horned One's anger was so thick that his gaze on this world was actually hurting it.
The Lord of Light, nor Lia interfered. It didn't hurt her anymore if this world got banged up, so they thought it best not to do anything unless they had to. The Night and Light Courts are not, nor will ever be on *true* good terms. They only play nice and make peace to maintain order, and prevent war.
Noirnamu was on the floor with the boys, showing them how to use blocks. However, at the moment, they were more interested in burning the wood.
"Very good littlest master." Said Noirnamu. "This is a Bee." He pointed to the little image of a bee buzzing around the letter.
[B.] Said Vex
"Yes, it makes the [Bah] sound." He said in I think demon that *wasn't* regular wolf.
"Don't teach them demonic yet dear." Said Apythmenos. I wasn't supposed to say his name out loud, as it is a curse or spell or something. I was warned and I just made a mental note that his name is 'Herold', not 'The Herald of the End: The Pit Given Form'. 
Apythmenos didn't get off scot-free either 'Herold' sipped his tea sitting across from me. I believe he was whipped for knowing. Since he wore normal clothes, not robes at the moment, you could kind of see lines on his back.
However, his husband got none. I could tell. The human form of Noirnamu is pretty interesting The parts where he has black fur is instead chocolate skin, though the skull head is paler than me.
He also has no eyes just blue dots. So, he isn't fooling anyone.
I was told that they technically couldn't be here at the same time, though the Horned One still had the sky a dusty grayish red-orange. Even at night. For those with second sight, they could see the winged demons flying around.
The drama of the wool being pulled over the Horned One's eyes. *kinda* blew over but I had to admit, it took a few days to even be *this* gray skyed I was told the gray will become blue eventually.
For a week, the sky was a dusty red, and the Pit hid here. Not as red as it was years ago before I was born, when 'a meteor got too close to the planet', but there wasn't a single blue spot in the sky.
Just like when Xaxas claimed Harmony, the public was lied to
They were told a volcanic eruption is tinting the sky with its ash.Xaxas even made an actual eruption of Hawaiyee's Monta Loah the largest active volcano on the planet
A lot of people are being displaced for this.
"It's either they're displaced, or I accidently kill the planet by being here." Said the Herold. 
"Then you should go home!" I growled. 
"If I go home, he's going to shove me up my own ass." Said Apythmenos. "Plus I'm eating as much of Hell's energy as I can." He said that more as a complaint.
"Oh." I mumbled.
"And if the pit's down, I'm off. Paid overtime." Noirnamu fist bumped his husband.
[Bah!] Yelled Vex, and gods damn it there was fire behind that little cute noise.
"I JUST got them to stop toasting everything!" I complained, putting out the new couch "No!" I said gently, but firmly.
[. Me bad?] Vex asked so sad I held him close.
[Bad!] Yelled Ari. He wagged his little tail while my tiny ham cried a storm. [Bad mama! Vex Bad!]
"No! You're my good boy but no fire." 
[Hot.] Said Ari He *Was* paying attention.
I scooped him up too.
"My smart little boys!" I said happily I don't think they fully understood what was happening but I was getting to them. "And you aren't bad. You're my *good boys*" I said and I swear any conversations kind of stopped. They wagged their little tails so hard, they may as well fly away.
Everyone stared at me.
"Why do I like that so much?" Asked Kaizen behind me.
"Ah!" 
[Bad!] They both shouted.
"Sorry." Kaizen said sheepishly.
"You're my good boy too." I said grabbing his right horn, and he became mush. I pet him on the sides of his ears.
[No! Mama BAD!] Said Vex, panicking. 
[No!] Yelled Ari.
"I remember this. Come here lil' ones." He was handed the boys while I rubbed his temples, careful not to touch the horns again. "You're papa likes it."
"Nwoah! Brad!" Barked Ari.
Now we all looked at the little one He spoke English
"Now that's new" Kaizen sat up. "No."
"nNNWoah!" Said Ari.
"NW-nw-no!" Said Vex.
"Well I'll be damned." Said Kaizen.
".You already are." Said Norinamu.
"That's a mortal saying dear." Said Apythmenos.
 "This changes things too." Said Kaizen. "They might get mortal forms with all the hellish energy outside."
" It's rare the master changes plans. I'll send a scroll down." The Herold snapped his fingers.
"I'll deliver it he's the least pissed at me." Said Kaizen.
"No I want to." I blurted.
"Abso-Fucking-Lutely *NOT.*" Growled my mate.
"The master's partial to females. He won't harm her." Said Noirnamu. "The more mortal the better."
"I still don't like it." Growled Kaizen.
"But I want *my* big adventure." I stomped my foot, not knowing that the Horned One would yank me below.
"Child you have my attention." He said glaring at me from atop his throne.
"Dear, don't be mad at her She did nothing." Said the Moon Goddess.
He sighed.
"My children spoke English!" I blurted, and he stood.
"What?! Oh Come ON! I Can't Even Be Upset!" He boomed. 
"Zuzu" She stood and put her gentle hands on his flaming balled fists. The flames disappeared. "Why don't you want them speaking mortal?"
"Because they are not *ready*." He huffed. "I had *specific* plans for their development, and all of it's out the window now." He roared.
". but then you could speed up the other plans?" Said the Moon Goddess. 
"I don't want that eitherThey don't yet fully understand the world around them They are small only 3 pounds each"
"Uh they're only about 2 pounds." I said and he looked surprised.
". They fit in my hand Lulliba. I did not want to harm our little ones." He said the last part calmly. "If you wish to leave now in your fear mortal here's a portal. My magic will turn you inside-out."
The glowing red portal led to the living room, but instead of leaving, I put my head in. "Pass me the pups." I said, and they were put in my hands.
I held them, and as I walked, I could see his anger turn to concern.
"Do not give them to me." He warned. "I may kill them on accident."
I handed them to the Moon Goddess
"They're both a little too hot." She said petting them, and her hands glowed. "That should do it."
"I did this." He said resting his cheek on his knuckles. "I can only assume the others are getting sick as well." He waved his hand. "The sky should be blue now I left no permanent harm to anyone thanks to you little vixen."
"Anytime But I didn't actually do anything?"
"You did. You took the flames from the King of Hell. That is not something done so easily." He said firmly. "They'll get their forms at 5. That's my fuck up." He sighed.
I blinked and I was home My big adventure didn't really *feel* big, but my actions changed the color of the flip-flappin' sky. That has to count for something!
"Wow, you *only* went to hell. Lame." Said Kaizen.
"Boring." Sang Eternya.
"Fuck both of you." I glared, but I shouldn't swear around babies
"Fuc." Babbled Ari.
Kaizen burst into laughter. "You're teaching them bad words, like Shit!"
"Stop!" I complained. We'd *just* got them to stop that, and now here we go again!"
"SheeTTt!" yelled Vex.
"Ass." "Ari yipped.
"Oh gods damn it." I facepalmed.
"Stop teaching my boys potty mouths." Said the Horned One behind me.
Apythmenos Screamed. "Master!"
"Calm down. I came to see what fruit is reaped from my anger." He sighed again. "I almost fucked this world. A hair longer and a portal there would have opened up in the sky." He pointed.
"I'm surprised Arviel isn't down here." Said the Herold.
"With Lia no longer tethered here, she does not care." He said rolling his eyes. "But I am owed this world compensation, and I do not make ill on my debts."
###chapter 125
A/N: I was going to scrap this, but it was too good to! 
Humblon
Why did I run to my office Why did I come to my favorite world?
I thought I had more time with my mewmans. But as I sat in my office, they stood in front of me, irate and enraged.
"I still want some compensation." Snarled my own brother.
"I do too." Said Zuviel. "I understand both your feelings, however, he still cheated One. If we let him go free, it is a spit in our faces."
"It is I don't know what would appease you, but please my kings take from me what you wish." I said reluctantly.
I HATED THIS.
I hated that I had to say it I MUST. If I only get yelled at or a slap on the wrist It would make disorder.
The chaos from my action going unpunished would make the lower gods act up. So there must be compensation- Oh fucking no 
Not Nayamya She heard their arguing, and my High Priestess came inside with a bow, and a light tap on the door. She was the first mewman I ever made. I didn't know what to do back then, so she has blue hair and yellow eyes like mine and she turns into a little 50 pound longhair tabby.
"I am the High Priestess of the Lord of Mercy, Unity, and Purity." She bowed. "I sense I am in the presence of ones higher than even my master, how exciting However I also sense hostility for Lord Torros, and the master."
"This one is very pleasing, unfortunate we meet at such an ill time." Said Zuviel.
"Do you know who we are?" Asked Arviel.
"As high priestess, only I would know." She bowed, and curtsied. "You are the master's brother, and the lord of Night and their wives." She mumbled. "All I honestly know is that you are all above him Has my master offended you sir?" She asked.
"Greatly." They both said.
"We came for compensation." Said The Horned One. Oh no
My heart sank. As a human I couldn't stop her I didn't realize she'd heard anything, nor come
Why did I make myself human? I KNEW that was a bad idea!
"Then.I offer myself." Said Nayamya. She shyly held the hem of her robes, but I knew.
They knew.
That's why they came. You cannot cheat them AND get away with it not forever.
"NO!" I Screamed. "You may have any world, anything in my larder but not my high priestess!" 
Not her
They both looked at each other. I couldn't tell which one was the monster.
I hid on my favorite world. It only make sense they found my favorite mortal
"Husband no." Said Lia. "Don't kill your little brother's plaything."
"I thought we were coming to pardon them." Said Lulliba.
"We are." They both said at the same time. 
"My butterfly there *must* be compensation. Losing something he loves unfortunately will be his punishment; I think it fair."
"I do too." Said my brother. How could he agree.? 
"If even the Judge were here he would agree as well."
But of course he would He'd side with his father.
"To be civil, she won't feel it." Said Arviel.
"You're making a mistake." Hissed Lia.
"I agree. Just pardon them." Said Lulliba, a breath away from tears for me
With the wave of Arviel's hand, Nayamya began to age I'd made her the *only* one who was a true immortal because they are good. They don't do anything. They don't hurt anybody They laugh and smile and they don't think I'm weird.
I knew I was lying to Just myself, that even *they* know I'm weird, but at least they don't point it out.  I don't think I ever felt *this* upset
Water fell from my eyes I didn't know the salt makes them sting.
For nothing That she dies for nothing.
Human emotion its weight is too great to bear. I would not wish them on my enemies
She got really old. and I cradled her. I did this.
"I'm glad I served you master Now I get to see Pergatori." She smiled.
She won't That place won't exist soon, and they'll divvy up the spoils.
 Nayamya for a pardon
They could have this whole universe for her. 
Even if she does become Mercy the realm will still need to be remade So she'll never see any of my work
"I I don't wish to be Mercy Anymore." I said taking my powers out the corpse of my little kitten, and I let it sit on the table.
Let someone else do it. That was a stupid plan anyway. They will pick the next Humblon Plus if we both die as mortals, we'll end up in line together. Maybe I can apologize then If she'll even look at me.
If any of them will. My death abandons themit unclaims them yet I couldn't bring myself to care as my bones became brittle, and my breath short.
Dying does hurt The Ailments Do.
"Humblon, that's ridiculous, get back to-"
"I am not 'Humblon' anymore. Go let someone else be your *brother*." I said turning 90. "All you both do is want and take fuck everyone else so long as you have your way To be so big, you both behave so small." I even dared to glare at them, but Zuviel could care less.
"He's serious you know." Said the Horned One unphased.
".You KNEW and you let me-" Arviel was cut off.
"Why would I stop my enemy from making a mistake?" He asked. "Hurry up and die already. A Lesser Contradiction as Mercy could be interesting. I nominate Herculian's boy."
"This is your mistake husband You're his brother yet the killing blow was from *your* hands." Said Lia as if I were already dead.
"Brother I I didn't know it meant that much to you. I'll make you another one." Said Arviel as if we were somehow born mortals, and he broke my Mechatram Playset.
"Just let me die Lord of Light. I guess if I'm human I'll need a name What about Leopold. I always liked his music."
I let myself spitefully die at 104. I held my Nayamya, who was dust. Huh I was in love with a mortal. The only one I couldn't save.
------The Horned One----
"Well shit." I said in disbelief that he'd *actually* give up godhood.
*Plus I only did this on impulse!*
All of Purgatory went The Fuck DOWN! I stopped it from just exploding and sending all the souls flying across the fucking cosmos!
His death pulse rang through every realm I forgot that he was *numbered*.
Together we had to stop time, and suspend every living mortal he's ever made in this temporary hold 
Some died anyway, about 3% of all life died today. Even plants 
Humblon killed more people than any one individual mortal I've ever set loose 
He cannot be allowed to stay dead.
This was *my* fault for being so bloodthirsty so greedy for pain that I just couldn't help myself. Arviel is *so* easy to manipulate when he's pissed.
I made a Mistake.
I stopped the next wave that would have killed all his sentient life. 
Humblon was considerate He gave his godhood a physical manifestation that I could contain He didn't want to nuke his people. Humblon probably even hoped we'd spare his worlds. I will
He made it a ball, so it was easy to trap, but that he was gone meant that this would keep happening until this was resolved
I hold the souls of all my bloodline, but many he made still passed out momentarily while at their jobs which caused more to die on accident
Everyone's afterlives had surges in souls for just 2 seconds.
That was all it took to disrupt the balance.
I should have run a simulation first. But the thought of how upset they would be was too tempting not to try.
"Shit." Said Arviel. He managed to bring back some of the dead livestock. "You can get up now. Ha Ha, mortal death, good times."
"He's really dead." I said unable to look at his corpse, and her dust.
I was so greedy for pain that I didn't think of this...
Fuck them both for cheating me. I wouldn't be this angered if they hadn't-
"He isn't Dead." Snapped Arviel, taking me from my regretful thought. "How many universes have-" I cut him off.
"Have you *dragged* him along?" I said with a raised brow.
"I can remake him." Said Arviel. "I can fix it if he fucking lets me. Why won't he?!"
What was my heart doing? 
I did not understand this, but I did understand what I'd done I'd have punished anyone else for such *childish* behavior
Humblon stood in line to be judged. He held the hand of his beloved little priestess
That is the same love I have for my high Priest Gulteer, The Witch King, but more like the Little Shit I would not take his death well at all either. I remember forging him from my own blood and a little dirt
Only once has he ever angered me. Beyond that, he and his seeds sing my praise and feed me my fill..
I think this feeling is compassion. Maybe? I do not feel this moved often. I don't really feel anything most of the time. I have shit to do.
"Oh what have I done?" Arviel, the King of Half There Is, fell to his knees.
He did not outright kill his brother, but his hand delivered the killing blow for so manymany mortals
I felt pity for him, looking at my priest *Rip Some Mortal the Fuck Apart*. How proud he makes me 
It is why Gulteer is, even now, my second favorite mortal... I could not offer anyone that precious up as Humblon did but he did that because he knew nothing else would satisfy *me*, not Arviel.
Arviel was just a big brother who smashed his brother's Laggo Blocks. He's a meathead when he's this mad
The glare of red eyes changed the room to its unearthly hue but it wasn't me or my sons.
Lulliba was red tinted tarnished silver, while her little eyes looked like mine.
I'd never seen such anger from one so small, but it wasn't amusing She was actually kind of fucking scary.
"How DARE YOU!" She screamed. "Both of you Are Selfish SHITS!" 
"We were owed. Don't get too proud!" Yelled Arviel like a father.
*SLAP*
"THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE OWED!" Lulliba slapped him, borrowing the energy she'd absorbed from my throne on accident 
###chapter 126
The Horned One
We both looked at each other in disbelief, but she was owed It seemed she meant to collect.
I *knew* I shouldn't have let her sit in my chair but she looked so cute on it.
He held his face in shock.
"LIKE *YOU* can pull ANY tone with me!" She screamed. "You literally made me without anyone's consent, then you get mad when he didn't want me as a gift! AND YOU of *all* people had the nerve to be upset that someone you MADE AS A FUCKING PARTY FAVOR DECIDED WHO TO LET JUMP IN HER BOX!!"
"Dear that's enou-"
She slapped me too.
. It actually hurt..
I bled.
She was channeling my throne!
"You will fix this." She hissed. "You both will fucking fix this or so help me I WILL turn the realms inside out. Do. Not. Test. ME."
"I don't have to-" Arviel's belligerent attitude was *changed*.
"YOU WILL FUCKING FIX THIS!"
 Her face morphed into an amalgamation of multiple animals as she snarled in his face.
Her flesh was made unstable, and as hot as this was, I didn't know what to do about it She's only ever been my mate The only thing I could think of was 'the dark side of the moon' when I looked at her summon claws as long as swords.
After all she was made with no weapon so now she made her own
Her robes before they ripped became a beautiful red, black flowered kimono. The black jacket trailed to the floor, and the wide sleeves ended at her knees. The entire jacket had a haunted forest depicted on the bottom, and there were full moons on either sleeve; both of which were red.Her silver hair was black, but faded to red as well
I'd never seen her do this Not even for herself 
Not stand up for herself 
but how could she back then? As a lesser goddess captive, the smallest desire for her to die could kill her I bet he had barriers around himself to shield her from his anger then, so he could keep her hostage
Even that was my fault I should have made her come to my realm If I'd have commanded it back then, Xaxas would have been born in the castle.
But I'd have been no better than him.
She became a personification of the night itself. She had bat wings and blades were her claws, being shaped like a bear's Great horned owl feathers were overtop the webbing, while she had a black and red pattern A wolf's head and torso complimented owl talons. This would have been fun for *me* if she also wasn't mad at me. Though she had no horns. She was beautiful. 
She was thin and elegant. Her silhouette was of an owl feathered wolf with owl tufts as horns. Her tail was nearly as long as her.
Her legs were long and thin like a deer's, but the claws were silver swords.
I knew this would happen, and I let it to fuck them both.
"I know how to fix this." I said pulling her close.
"LET ME GO!!!" She screamed and I held her. "It isn't fair!" She hit my chest until she clawed my robes. ".When you were gone. He never once added to my troublesHumblon did his job, and *you killed him for it.*" She chewed it until she changed back, and I used the scraps of my robes to cover her. I could make more, but I really did need to fix this.
"Lulliba is right dear That's why I tried stopping you Humblon, even if he was brought back would never forgive you." Said Lia.
".He will He Fuck. Why'd you let me do it?" Arviel demanded. "I can't blame you it's our nature to be this way."
"Yeah, and I should have been better." I said feeling like shit 
Lulliba wouldn't look at me Her red eyes now cried blood, as every moon on every world was likely either red, or would eclipse soon
She wouldn't even look at me She even contemplated our bond as did Lia.
"I can't lose you little mate. Even as the Only Moon Goddess you are still too weak to use such power." I said unable to heal the soul burns already blistering She's going to really hurt for doing this, and I'm going to feel like shit for forever. "Please wish it."
"I will wish for Nothing." Lulliba said angrily. "You both did this; *You* resolve this."
. Damn.
"Then I'll do it for free." I said to appease my most precious. "Arviel, if I bring him back as a god, he doesn't want to do it anymore. We're going to have to make a new Mercy, and the old one will have to be mortal?" 
"IF you do that, then Humblon will eventually die again, and the new mercy will not want to do it"
"We could fuse them together into a two headed-"
"No." Everyone disagreed.
"Nobody Fucking Quits because they don't want to do their Fucking Job!" Screamed my eldest. 
Xaxashevaal had Humblon by the throat, and stuffed him in his body like you're trying to put on a sock The powers were grabbed off the table and shoved down Humblon's throat as well.
Humblon gasped for air. "Master please!" He begged. "Don't' take me from her!"
"Huh? Why would I do that?" He still held the soul by the scruff. "Nayamya right?" he picked up the dust and remade the mortal, though some of her was lost, so she was a centimeter smaller.
Humblon cradled her sleeping form as I do my Lulliba. how could I not see it
She was not his mate, but he cared for her as one. A platonic love 
"You would do that Judgement?" He asked. "You even kept her the way I made her"
"A million times." Said my son. "You both have 10 seconds to explain why Mercy's tears blessed my altar."
"We were owed for his actions. To do NOTHING would ruin the alignment." Said Arviel, a little flustered and agitated from being called out.
As the Judge, he was not informed on such a large action so he was owed as we were..
He was owed an explanation, and he wasn't satisfied with our answer
"And instead, you both got Bagel Killed. You made me Fucking Lose My Streak to a Mortal." He hissed, referring to a shooting game he plays with my nephew, War.
"What?" We both asked.
"NO NOT BAGEL!!!!" Screamed Lulliba.
"I like that lil' scamp." Said Lia. "If you don't fix this with him, you're not coming home."
"And you better not try to replace her with someone else's either." Growled Lulliba, and they fist bumped.
. Where did my butterfly go..? I didn't like having a tiny *vicious* tiger
"I think that's fair." Said Xaxashevaal smugly. His grin at us, me especially, could eat shit!
"I take it that was one of the Charred family pets." Asked Arviel, and the girls nodded.
"Lulliba sends me videos of her mortals. I think that one is my favorite. She's so cheeky." Giggled Lia.
A black werewolf playfully chased the little brown pit mix because she had his pants. It thinks the former crown prince is her 'papa'. My heart sank as I still couldn't find her.
It calls them mama and papa. 
***I'm fucked.***
I'm so fucked. *Why did I do this to myself?* *I just had to get what I was owed.*
.This was much too cute to be sending around.
They have *mortal attachment* to this creature.
"Oh yeah, you sent me that one yesterday." Said Arviel, inwardly freaking out with me... [Zuviel we're cooked as the fucking sacrificial turkey on Thankful Day.] he said so only I would understand.
[Fried as an eggbound hen on Sunday.] I said back.
..
*But When did they get a damn group chat?!*
The eldest living mortal blood of her Herold was that wolf. I realize that now Kaiden Charred, Kaizen's other grandfather.
. She really . *Really* likes that line. SHIT.
I didn't know if I *could* fix it Purgatory was down Hell's gates are flooded I looked for a dog I'd never paid attention to, but I couldn't cheat.
If I don't find it, nor Arviel, we'll Have to keep looking
It's bad enough I got in hot water for Humblon 
or the countless trillions Not everyone or everything got back up.
Double Shit. This is why I don't do things on impulse. All it took was 2 seconds Just that for 81% of all the worlds to be shaken to their foundations.
"You know how much of an earful Harmony gave me? I should have Never Gifted her." He growled in a rant while I still looked. "I see your face. I think she's gone. I had to trade the dog of Kaiden to reset the entire planet because you two were involved. You're Welcome."
"I am so thankful I'm not one planet anymore." Said Lia holding her forehead, and my mate did too. 
"Humblon you already have a Herold, so I now place my judgment on this mortal. God's magic has touched this one, so here. I'm making the damn mate bond myself." Xaxashevaal waved his hand. "The goddess of Fucking I Don't Know, Uh The Goddess of Forgiveness."
"I like that." Said Humblon.
"That's your wife now; all apologies go to her. Since she's your wife, she's protected. Now she's a Minor goddess that doesn't even need worship, and she can stay your High Priestess. Now stop making fucking drama." He pointed a clawed finger at us. "You're all wasting my fucking time. Oh, and every mortal who can't come back, even the animals must be compensated 1 gold for every day they should have lived." Growled my son. I was proud as any father could ever be even though the chastising was meant for me too.
"Forgive me brother I-" Humblon cut off Arviel.
"I am Humblon." He said firmly. "Do not let an apology crease your lips your highness."
That was *cold*. The glare given to me by my mate was just as
"I won't either." I growled. I was more displeased at letting my little Lulliba reshape herself in anger
"Nobody Fucking Asked You For It." Xaxas said on the wind, since he disappeared.
"You little- you know what. I'll be the bigger god and accept that." I growled.
 As I found the soul of the little dog to return I realized something:
I was so Hellbent, pun not intended, on being compensated now I must compensate more than what I was given.
So if I'd have left well enough alone, none of this would have happenedAll this took was 2 mortal seconds What a mess I've made.
###chapter 127
Willow
The Horned One stood there while the boys climbed on his feet, but he didn't seem like he had the heart to pick them up.
"Gwanpa!" They both jumped on his legs, but he turned his gaze away.
"I cannot pick you up." Zuviel said firmly.
"Up!" Said Vex, and that was a word!
"The anger and rage I felt wasn't warranted, not fully and now my sweet little mate will not speak to me she will not look my direction She does not want me until I have righted such events, so it *will* be done."
Xaxas appeared holding Harmony, and she hugged his neck.
"Why'd y'all kill Bagel?!" She cried.
"I have the soul here and 10 pounds of gold as compensation any mortal who's dog I can't return will also win the lottery, or something that's about 10 thousand dollars or better in reimbursement." Said the Horned One. 
He looked like he was ashamed.
That was something I don't think even he realized. They don't think like we do, Kaizen included. He doesn't see himself as a werewolf, and he calls all non-divine blood holders 'mortal'. It doesn't bother me, because I know he's a demigod but it is strange.
It's like that's the only time I actually see him as his title, when he either mentions it, or shows his powers.
"Ok" Harmony sniffled.
"I have made so many tears, yet this is not what I wanted." He said looking down.
"What do you want?" I asked.
"What?" The Horned One said more in confusion than anything.
". Well What do *you* want? I know *I* won't be able to do anything personally, but maybe if you voice it, there can be resolution?"
"Ironically enough I want a little Mercy myself after getting him killed." Huffed the Horned One. "Thankfully he wasn't dead long enough to kill higher life, but all the dogs on every realm they died for about 2 seconds."
"But Bagel didn't come back." Said Harmony.
"But she will now songbird." Said Xaxas. It was weird seeing him sweet, or loving like that 
"Then I'm alright." she wiped her eyes. They left with the dog, and the Horned One sat on the floor.
"At least they aren't upset at me one day they might be though." He said with a sigh. "Forgive this bitter fool little ones. Because of me, you will know flesh sooner than I would like."
"They will still remember fur. I know I'm grateful." Said Kaizen. "When I was a pup, it was fun to always run around, but it got harder to interact with the other pups, since I didn't have hands."
"That's fair." Said the Horned One. "I think I'll go home. My mate will never speak to me again."
He said that, but she appeared and hugged him around his neck. "I'm sorry I slapped you and ruined your favorite robes."
Ok what did I miss?!
He smiled slightly.
"Those robes needed to be replaced at least [redacted] ago." He chuckled, though in my head I literally heard the word 'redacted' not the years. "I'm sorry I let Humblon die. We should have whipped him or something. Something to make the other gods fear our wrath, but not this much lamentation across so many worlds There are many who couldn't be brought back"
"As the Moon Goddess of all realms now. I know Zuviel you got so many killed that my realm is backed up too. This affected all his mortals even his full blooded angels. They fell from the skies
"Great I'll have to Blood for Blood any troops lost with Arviel too, as Humblon is now the one owed..." He mumbled. "I assume they all got revived, yes?"
"They did, but unfortunately the flesh made mortals. Like the unicorns didn't. Some are officers, drivers, flight and ship captains They are so trusted that no one expected those who were affected, to pass out at the wheel, or die Instantly while a thousand feet in the air"
". I know." He said quietly. "I will ensure all those souls get to be reborn and they must be compensated as well All this stemmed from letting lose my true nature for but a moment The pettiness of the King of Hell is greater than it should be but I would do this again. Now the gods tremble They know their place, even a king's brother."
They each held a pup, but they just wanted to nip. They wrestled the Horned One's hands, and Kaizen looked at them with a soft smile.
"I remember that. Get 'um Ari." He grinned. They were *so* fierce pulling their grandpa's robes.
"Rawr!" Yipped Vex, and he got scooped up.
"You're already cute. Stop it." Said the Horned One with a smile. "Oh gods damn it." That smile disappeared with his Herold's giddy entrance. He was in robes now, looking as he does in Hell, but to keep this world protected, he can't touch the ground.
"Master." Sang Apythmenos, flapping to stay afloat. He poked the Horned One's shoulder, and got growled at.
"Don't." Zuviel warned.
". Say it master." He sang. The poking intensified, and so did the annoyance of Zuviel.
"Can I get a *little* peace??" He growled.
"No."
The Horned One Sighed. I could tell he did a spell to keep the sky blue
"Apythmenos" the Herold became covered in runes. My pups were placed in my hands... The Horned One took his hand and made a magical circle. It looked like a clear tablet screen was summoned, but I couldn't make out what he was typing. His fingers were so fast, you couldn't really see them. "Wear your tail." He said and the Herold was struck by red lightning.
Outside across the sky for a moment were pinkish scales. He was such a large Asian dragon that you couldn't see anything else, just the light of the streetlights and the runes on his body. For everyone else, they wouldn't see this surreal total eclipse To see someone so big makes me realize how small I am compared to all the cool stuff they do
"How big is He?!" I took the pups outside to watch The Horned One fixed the smoldering floor. I was thankful that the sprinklers didn't come on.
"As big as I need him to be." He said disappearing. "I can't put this off I have to fix this." The Horned One said on the wind, taking Noirnamu with him.
"Well that was cool." Said Kaizen. "Want to go to the castle? Tyson said Grace is coming over with her pup."
"Oh that sounds fun; I'll get the boys a bath." I beamed.
"Alright. I can get the milk, toys, cherry spray, and pads." He vanished. "Oh and grandma's gift..." Kaizen vanished again after taking the cake off the table.
"Hurray." I said as my heart fell to my knees. I didn't notice that thing 
And they can read minds so we can't throw it away!
 We were all a *little* traumatized by those pastries to say the least.!
-----Kaizen-----
I was thankful to all the gods that I marked Jerold's son and Flora's Everyone and everything that was made by the Lord of Mercy, Purity, and Unity passed out for a few seconds.
It was like they were unplugged, but thankfully a few people only got hurt. Too many demigods live on Urth, and many of us, me included, were randomly teleported to the largest accidents before they happened.
Personally, I was randomly teleported to Indiya to stop a train.
"I Don't want to eat that." Said Willow.
She was suspicious of it, regardless of how good it smelled and looked.
"I mean It's Food." I said with a grin. I teleported to our room.
Fuck it was a mess with all the toys on the floor.
I let my little mate squirm if only for a little bit 
I felt a little bad to do it, but if she was in on it, Grace and Tyson Will See Through Her Lies if I did spill it... We don't turn this power off. We were born with our powers, so it wasn't all that hard to just kind of stay a mild form of powered up.
Someone like Alavastros, a half beast, might have trouble with his. He's the grandson of a Herold too, so one day he might be able to do way more.
Honestly that has me a little excited.
Since he is claimed by me, grandfather is going to make him his own club. It will be one he can summon, like I can with my bow. It also seemed since I was a general, weapons and armor were being made. I know I won't fight on my homeworld, but I felt conflicted being excited about any of it.
Those gifts are for destroying worlds after all But as I said with Humblon, I will take no joy from it as best as I can. I won't prolong it; there's no need. What example would I set for my kids? I'm stuffing a baby bag for them, but they *will* be monsters. I have to make sure they're the right kind...
"Get back here!" Yelled Willow.
"No Wet!" they both yipped, but I could tell they were giggling
They chuffed little laughs running down the hall, because their mother's kitsune trainer is coming to us, since Willow didn't want to leave the country. I could drop her off and pick her up; the commute's only 3 seconds with cosmic interference, but she doesn't know Japanese, nor does she want to leave the pups so far away, and she doesn't know *how* to make the commute by herself yet.

###chapter 128
Kaizen
"Announcing Prince Kaizen, Brother of the King." Said Mr. Julian, the head omega servant. I asked them not to do all the titles If they had to say mine, my mate, AND my kids, just that would have us here all day. That isn't even including everyone else.
The moment our feet hit the marble floors of the throne room, the boys squirmed.
"Lustwros!" Screamed Ari.
"ZoWroTos!" yelled Vex.
"AriSStaous!" Shouted Zolotos, hissing his 's'.
"Vexstwrios!" yelled my little nephew Lustros, and honestly it was cute as fuck.
Willow put them down and they slid in place a second before they ran full speed across the throne room. Zolotos flapped with all his little might, not getting very far off the ground. The four . They *immediately* started biting.
"Oh gods damn it." Said Tyson with a smile. "I'm replacing the floors with fucking black granite if it cracks."
"Already ordered sir." Said Ronitus.
All 4 basically heated the floor enough to crack it Right after the Second ordered so much stone Father's quarry is going to make millions this year.
I thought this was going to be some kind of wholesome thing or something, but then I remember how much fun it was to get Grace or Tyson to tattle on me for pulling their ears.
"Good Kaizen's paying." Said Tyson.
"Ha, ha, King of the Wolves." I rolled my eyes. "The floor's already broke; want to help the mortals take it up?"
"Sure." In an instant he summoned his sword, and the pups ran to their mothers. They wagged their little tails, knowing that we were only playing too.
We both teleported to the center, and sparred probably faster than the Omegas and Council could see. I know I was wrong to do it, but I did give him a good smack in the neck.
"You Bitch!" Tyson laughed.
"Bad!" Said Vex. 
"Oooo bad word." Said Lustros. My nephew barked at his papa until we stopped our spar.
"Sorry son." He said sheepishly, and there were chuckles.
Tyson teleported again. He was *fast* but I was *faster*.
He hits harder though.
"You play too much!" I growled when he bonked me on the head with the flat of his sword, It made a bit of a shockwave under our feet. 
"You've bopped me like three times harder than that!" he complained.
"But you're hitting too hard!" I shouted headbutting him.
Headbutting is more fun than it should be... I like the clicky-clack.
We stopped though, A small drop of blood mirrored both our foreheads. It was a draw.
"I told you my grandsons were good." Said grandfather.
"Grawnpa!" The little ones screamed but who was he talking to?
"I still . Really want one." Said the God of War. He held Vex, and got nipped fingers that didn't bleed. "Look at that fire. Kaizen let me have one, eh? I'll pick him up when he's two decades. He can marry my daughter, the Demigoddess of Delegation and Tactics Is that fair?"
"No." I said firmly, but he thought I was playing hard ball.
"You're right. Sorry I lowballed you. He's an Upper General too" He scratched his chin. "How about my 9th? She's single. Joan Arches took a vow of chastity though. But a mate bond would nullify such a promise"
"I cannot put a price on my sons." I said calmly, but Willow looked about ready to cuss him out
"I feel that At least let me get dibs on their training." He asked excitedly. "Damn I forgot there's *three* of you-OH My Gods A Baby Dwagan!" Lord Aris held Vex and gently snatched the poorly flying lil' Zozo and they kind of bit his ears. 
"Fuck off Bird Boy." Said Xaxas.
"Oh come on!" War yelled, holding the boys like plushies. "I never get to have *any* fun. You won't let me make WWIII. You won't let me unleash the Rage Plague. You won't even let me have concubines anymore. I treat them good!"
"I said Pick A *Goddess to WED* and It's Too Effective! I already told you if you're going to make a new affliction, a cure Must be POSSIBLE for MORTALS to figure out!" Yelled Uncle Xaxas.
"They'll be Fine! I worked 200 thousand years on that damn project!" He yelled back.
"NO. And if you ask again, or for my nephews, I'm going to smite you again." He hissed.
War looked like he saw a ghost.
"I Wouldn't *Actually* Fucking Do That!" Xaxas yelled at him, summoning a newspaper and bonking him on the head with it.
"Ow!" Aris complained. "You so would; especially if I beat your ass agai-OW!" he held his head. He'd earned a second bonk it was paper. About the most he hurt was Aris's pride.
"Stop being dramatic. I didn't say you couldn't visit." Xaxas held Aristaeus to his chest.
"Uncle." He beamed. 
"Fuck I want some twins."
The royal court was silent.
"Why don't you?" Asked grandfather. "I'm sure you could do this right now."
My uncle fucking *panicked* now that he'd said it in company like the Horned One It's *going* to happen. Grandpa loves his grandchildren, and Xaxas is an incredibly high god mated to the Risen One. Their pup might be a Lesser God, not a demigod.
But I doubt they'll have a number higher than 7 or 8? Maybe 9. 
Neat.
". I don't know. I'll swing it by Harmony. I Shit. I gotta go." He vanished.
Grandfather laughed. "That's the same reaction I had when I realized I had to make him."
"Are you going to make their son?" Asked Willow.
"Xaxashevaal would be a good father, but I will at least give him a *chance* to first."
"Can I request something?" Asked Grace.
"What?"
". I had an idea If he is the Judge shouldn't there be a Jury and Exicutioner?"
That was a good idea It reminded me of the human saying 'The Judge, the Jury, and the Exicutioner.' 
The Court of Night Is Incomplete 
"You should be the one to text that to him. I feel like if I say it, he'll take offence that I interfere. Said the Horned One
----Xaxas----
I didn't go home. I went to my realm.
"Your majesty do you need anyth-"
"No." I said almost angrily, since I was angry with myself.
I wouldn't though my demons would rip that innocnet soul apart, and offer them up on  my altar from something as simple as a glare 
You can't buy loyalty like that. It is earned by being a good god.
Fuck..
What if I'm not?! What if they only serve because it is my will? I let them breathe and live as they please so long as they break no laws. 
My children might even change the Number Order
I'll make sure they don't. They will be under War and Mercy. That is fair, they were first.
There also must be Some Light Court in High Places for the balance
Why do I do this to myself Why am I stalling
Why did I come down here Is this *fear*. 
I 'hahed' to smell my breath that *was* fear.
That's  impossibly rare.
I do want this Since before I received my promised mate I have wanted to make a child
And with Harmony the way she is, I could totally make little godlings easily but then do I want them to age like that? A million years to become a one year old but the slower you're raised the more you learn The more skilled you can become if you have the talent.
Or do I do what father did to Birrai'shivaal age him with the sun a few hundred years 
And let them inherit mortal hesitation and weakness.
But compassion too
"I figured you were down here uncle." Said Grace. Of all Bryson's children, I liked that one the most. She was sweet, and sensitive like Eclipse, but no one knows that about her, not even herself. 
"I am Three little one What I do makes waves."
"Then make some." She said handing me a mortal beer. It was her offering, and I took it. "Can I watch?"
"Hold still while I get Harmony I'll only do this if she wants." I mumbled.
I don't know why I hoped she said she wasn't ready yet I hoped Grace didn't see my excitedly shaking hands
Before Before Bryson, or even Asanguis's ascension, there was me Just me. I said I wouldn't allow myself to become attached, and here I was. I scoffed at myself. I even subconsciously teleported *outside* the house, and unlock the door.
"Why's the group chat blowing up?" She asked a little confused.
" I kind of put my foot in my mouth" I sat in my recliner I let her sit in my lap.
She put her soft hands on my face. "you're burning up." She said kissing my forehead. "Your crown's fire is almost to the ceiling.
"It is? Oh right. Do you want kids?" I asked and she looked shocked.
"Right now?" 
"Right now."
". Why not?" she smiled. She hugged my neck. "Let's have a pair of triplets I think it's a good idea that they aren't alone. Plus they can be in matching outfits."
###chapter 129
A/N: Happy late thanksgiving. Sorry I kinda go on hiatus a lot. The holidays are kinda hard, but honestly, trying to fix this whole ###chapter set. This is the third try? 
Kaizen
I finished up patrol when my mate linked me, and I'm glad I'm home Fuck this was good. I was on my fourth plate. 
"I'm stuffed. Complements to the chef." I said leaning back I Was stuffed. Stuffed stupid. The pups were too. They were Round.
"You're welcome." Smiled Willow. She yawned, while Flora's kids helped with the dishes.
I was glad I could get home as Soon as I finished patrol too Tonight was Chelsea and Flora's turn. Willow helps as well, but the boys were a handful while I was gone. She was kind of spent I could see it as much as she told me, trying to play off how much work twins of any size can be.
They chew Everything.
Even each other. They got into their first 'fight' over their favorite rabbit toy today while I was out, but thankfully they're too little to hurt each other. I got Vex a red one, and Ari an orange one, but they both want the orange one. So I ordered another orange one.
And watch. By the time it gets here, they'll be over it, and argue about the red one. 
However, the only thing that had them distracted now was begging for mommy's plate. Too bad. It's being collected soon. "Vex it's time for bathtime." Said Willow.
".ok" He complained.
A scroll appeared on the table.
Xaxas  He summoned all willing Generals, though any who participate will receive a child as a gift.
He wants hell to double but I wasn't sure about attending. This sounds like if we went, I'd get her pregnant I don't mind more kids, but if we do, it'll be her choice. Birthing is rough on her.
That runs in the Night Court side of my family.. Dying is very possible. So's outright hard pregnancies, or needing intervention. But seeing my sons I wouldn't mind daughters too. 
"What's that Why do you look so stern?" Asked Willow.
"Master, is there a problem with the bacon wrapped biscuits I made?" Asked Chelsea.
"Fuck no. It's this." I motioned the scroll. ". Xaxas has made his children, now he must breed his queen it says. 'All generals, living or dead, are invited to the creation ritual of the First Prince of Hell. The festival will last 7, 24 hour planetary rotations around a sun'.IT'S AN OUT-RIGHT FUCK FEST FOR REAL?! OH I WANNA GO!"
Me and Willow skimmed our scroll, while Eternya read his with Elinore.
It says here that unlimited stamina and libido is just in the air. There's no limit to the amount of pleasure you can feel There's no limit to how many times you can reach climax 
..mortals, and demigods alike will get to enjoy sex the way it is on the Layer of Sex That much pleasure can actually kill a normal mortal However the air itself is regenerative.  There will be vendors, rides borrowed from Layer One's amusement park
All mortals who pair, and marry will be mate bonded, a gift from the Goddess, since she celebrates her god grandchildren I know that's something the entire pantheon has been anticipating a while now.
Wait if they're mate bonded All who attend will not only double the army, but have a partner, a Real partner
It means we could have sex as much as we want without getting tired, or needing a break just all pleasure for 7 days straight All mate bonds are fortified an additional 50% too so her touch will feel *amazing*. 
"I'm sure if you go, you'll end up getting your mate pregnant." Said Eternya. He looked to be thinking himself He said that sternly, as for him pups are a touchy subject
"What's that got to do with us?" Said Willow a little sternly 
"I'm not a general in his division, But, we've been invited to a mass fertility ritual. Everyone who goes is going to have the time of their fucking life. Raw, unfiltered gods' magic has saturated all hell" I said impressed he'd do all this like.
Hell is divided in sections. Each prince has their own portion of the realm. He's probably *tanking* his magic supply for this.
And additional scroll appeared in Eternya's hand but that one was white, holding grandmother's crest. He didn't read it out loud I wonder if it is a formal summons?
It'd make sense. He's Xaxas's general. Even if it's just to drink or congratulate, Xaxas would want him there.
"Well you can count me Right out." She rolled her eyes. "I don't want more pups."
"You sure?" I asked.
"We already have Two!" She giggled, holding the boys, giving them a bite of the roast duck. Those little teeth are for nomming now. Their appetites reminded me of what dad said They're about to get their growth spirt. Sweet.
"What's like five more?" I asked honestly.
"Kaizen!" 
"What?! I'm a wolf baby. Having more pups is *never* a bad thing." I said putting a hand on hers. "I hold enough territory and sway that if we even wanted to live off world, we could We have enough room, money, and pack for more pups."
We really do. Everyone thinks they're adorable Even the Earth Goddess sneaks down here to watch them get into shenanigans outside.
"I know that but"
I rested her head on my chest. "I didn't mean to offend." I mumbled. She didn't want to go through it again She felt overwhelmed with just the twins too, which I didn't know
I should have left well enough alone. ShitI get it though. Difficult births run firmly within the Night Court With life usually comes a lot of blood and pain for our females, and I would never want to make her feel like she has to.
"I didn't mean to-"
"I'll go put the pups to bed." She said leaving.
I stood there stupidly.
".Did I fuck up?" I asked, looking at my claws.
"Why would she not want to add to the fold?" Asked Elinore. She's a witch. Each Coven is like its own culture, and with hers, male witches held the power, and women make pups.
An oversimplification. But still true. She won't get it. I don't think any supernatural will.
"I don't know." Said Eternya. "I think it's more that she's formally mortal. Some of their cultures don't really like having a bunch of kids, but I get that too. After. After Allivaldi, at first I didn't want chicks, but I have the right person. I'm the right person now too." He said looking at the floor, then he kneeled on bended knee to his wife. "I cannot blame my children for treachery, when their father was never there to Be a father. But I am a general of master Xaxas. I have been summoned. If my lady is willing."
"Are you asking me if I wish to go below my lord?" She asked shyly.
"I could not imagine a world where I withhold your happiness. What better way to have a chick, than for them to be blessed by all four masters tonight." He smiled softly. He burned the scroll in his grip, and a circle appeared under his feet. We both heard her, but words hold power. He wanted her to say it... 
She looked down, feeling a little put on the spot because everyone was nosy. But I get it Eternya, despite his behavior, is one of the Night's greatest champions And she, the daughter of Apolis's former High Priest.
"Would you have this dance with the Flaming One?"
He held out his ash covered hand.
".I would." She smiled softly. "On the condition that *you* name our babes."
They vanished, and I gave my mate enough time to collect herself...
I fucked up.
My heart sank with every step, because I could feel her own insecurities.
"I'm sorry." She mumbled. She sniffled, and I rushed to her side. When did she learn to hide her feelings? I couldn't read her When did she learn to block me?
I was proud as I was worried.
"What? No don't be upset over this." I hugged her. The little ones were pretty much out, being so full, and warm from the bath. 
"I didn't know you felt like that." She mumbled.
"I do I do because I love you." I said hugging her. I kissed her on top of the head. "You feel fucking exhausted." 
"I am."
Easy or not, she did put them both to bed. She bathed them this morning too, I took them with me while I flew around a few hours, but that's the only time she's had to herself today
She's the one weening them teaching them to be gentle telling them bedtime stories and such What have I been doing?
Yesterday they got into Everything too. I thought I was helping enough I thought. I thought she was happy.
 I felt selfish because in a way it kind of is. Just a tastethe taste of citrus pith. Disgusting.
"I love you too Gods I feel like I disappointed you. You looked so excited." She admitted. 
"I'm not excited if you're not up to it."
"This is enough. I've gotten more than I ever wished for. I got you, the boys, the pack family."
That part hurt for her too. She thought of her mother Willow's mother was blessed with another girl a few months ago Her little sister still drinks milk, but she'll never meet her.
Fuck... I got to do something about all this.
"I got the boys tonight, and tomorrow." I said getting her to reluctantly lay down. She was tired, but more overwhelmed than anything 
We have a daycare here 
She snored. I'll leave well enough alone.
*SCREEEEEECH*
That was from the forest. Whatever.
*BEEP BEEP BEEP*
That's My Fucking Car! Damn it I forgot to bring it back!
I teleported into the air above the house, zipping across the sky, thankful that the car alarm used to go off *So* much when I first got it. I was *sure.*
And sure enough as I was lightning, I heard the Rogues scream.
"This was stupid!" yelled one, while the driver lost control. That one sounded REALLY young.
Shit.
They better be glad I see this in slow motion. I debated on saving the little fuckers, but they shouldn't die because my mood's all sour.
"It's too Fast!" He yelled. The driver sounded like a teen.
Double Shit.
I'm going to have to see my car blow up. I can't save them both.
"Come Here!" I Snarled.
This is Bullshit! I teleported inside and grabbed them both by the scruff before I watched my baby explode.
They watched it burn with growing fear since my anger grew.
My eyes glowed so red, it became the only color I could see I had to take a breath.
I counted to ten.
"Sir?" Asked the littlest one.
\[Don't move.\] I said in High Demonic. "Don't run. I will chase you if you do." I said firmly.
I closed my eyes and I could see grandfather's throne room. I don't think I've ever been this mad.
###chapter 130
A/N: I did it again! You already paid for a full ###chapter!
Kaizen
That was my first pup. And they killed it. *THAT'S* Why father warned me not to buy an expensive one one I'd baby. I am the wolf. We do not value things the normal way. The human way
I don't think I've ever been outright mad enough to really Really *want* to be a monster but one looked about 9, and the older brother was probably 16. I will not harm children for a metal box a hundred grand metal box. But it's still a box.
I need to get it together. It's a box with rubber wheels. I can buy another one.
"..sir." said the elder boy.
"I could shake the hide right off you. Where's your mother?!" I demanded. My eyes cast red light on them, and it was a New Moon tonight, so the only light out here was *me*. My Jentucky accent came out. "You know how dangerous that was?! You earned a Time Out ! Shit that was reflexdad was right."
"She's hurt!" Said the littlest boy. He hugged my legs. "Please save mama!"
"Take me to her." I picked up the kid. He's too young to shift yet.
The teenager shifted, and I held his little brother. It amazed him that I didn't have to shift to keep up. That was as fast as he could go, while I stomped through the stupid forest, but my anger subsided seeing her. 
I do admit, I have a soft spot for Omegas. They stand no chance against a Rogue I see mistreatment of them as bullying.
Their father's corpse lay twitching as he convulsed, losing his form. That's common when we die.
"Help my mate." He rasped. "She's over there." He weakly pointed to a heavily clawed Omega but it was just her arm. She'll hurt but it wasn't enough to kill her.
The fact that he was *alive* is almost cruel 
"I'm fine. Please help Willie." She said looking down, holding her arm.
"I'll do what I can, but he needs to get to the infirmary once I stabilize him." He won't make it without some intervention first.
. My Healing magic may as well be null, but good old fashioned pressure to the wound does wonders. It also helps that my grip can cauterize wounds. Not ideal but better than bleeding out.
Those cuts they were Clean. Precise
"Who attacked you?" I asked.
". It was so fast, and it's so dark. One was a wolf, and the other could fly, but that was all I could make out sir." She looked down. Her sons comforted her as best as they could 
.
"Jack." I sighed
"Master."  He beamed, covered in blood materializing behind the mother without sound.
"AH!" they all screamed.
"Sorry Nothing personal."  He bowed. "Jack the Slasher, at your service."
If not for
He had the body of a bird person in his hand? It was sliced up worse than the male.
"Is that a harpy?" I asked. Half beasts like Jerold. Some are mindless, but I thought since they were born with human heads, that harpies at least knew what they were doing.
Whatever it was counted for his 'one a day' bullshit, but I know him as much as I can hear him. He's not stable enough to be on Urth right now. 
"It *was* your highness. Plucked the bitch right out the sky with a well placed rock."
"Language." I said firmly. He bowed his head. Bitch shouldn't be said around small children.
I read his memories. He was the one to slice up the husband. 
The Harpy smelled the blood. But he thought it best to spare the Omega since he is permitted to slay one a day, so he saved her from the attack at the last second. A hair longer and she'd be dead.
"Jack." I said as he materialized behind the female. He can't outright teleport long distances *yet*, but he can phase. So long as there's another shadow to jump to, he can leap quite a ways away.
"Boss."
I handed him the scroll. "Go have fun." I let grandfather babysit him while I delt with this. Those slashes looked serious
\----Jack----
The moment I touched it, I was teleported Below.
I think my master knew how unstable I was. I still shook that kill was Fresh.
And it was *taken*. And past midnight I get *two* today
I wanted more I was not satisfied that my master spared my prey. But I cannot question his reasons. Maybe they may prove useful. Such soft flesh.
"Why are you here Jack?" Asked the Horned One 
It seemed I ended up in his throne room. The most beautiful goddess of them all had at least a million red threads in her hands while I could tell the Horned One made souls. I've seen it before.
I saw what Eskaal can do I I almost remembered something but it faded away.
"How flattering." She said with a shy smile, and I bowed lower. 
That is the *only* expression my Pale Lady should have. She gave me this gift I don't have the ability to thank her enough. There is no hunt great enough, no death spectacular enough.
"I did not know you loved my wife so fervently." Said the Horned One. He sounded pleased. He should not be I do not kneel low enough and my hands were too clean.
"Through her grace I have my mate master." I bowed, but she looked confused. "The lives I take in her name were spared. but I will try again tomorrow I must give my offering I Must be useful."
I must. If I don't I *will*. If I do not kill on purpose, I will on accident.
"So Kaizen sent you." Said the Horned One with a soft smile. "But now you belong to me little one. I am pleased with your offerings."
"One a day, forever more master." I said firmly. "More if I find black X's." Fellow pit candidates.
"Forgive me for giving you to my grandson Jack." Said the Moon goddess, coming and petting my head as it was bowed. 
"Do not lament me mistress. Your grandson takes care of me well." I said honestly. He does I want not for meat nor prey. "I was instructed to have fun mistress.andI can't think of a greater joy than aiding the masters."
"You haven't been killing more than one person a day, have you?" Asked my most precious goddess.
"No my lady the master keeps a tight leash." I chuckled. He does. I have very *little* fun these days. What an honor that she looks my direction, a dog who belongs in the Pit.
"I actually need a new dog.Want to come with me?" Asked the Horned One. "My son has commandeered my wife for tonight. She makes bonds. I've made all the souls I wanted to make. If he's doubling all hell, he can double it his-fucking-self."
"Anything master." I said shifting. I wagged my tail. He pet me between the ears.
"Oh this is going to be Fun." He said putting a collar on my neck it fit like a necklace until he increased my size II had to be 800 pounds On my back legs, I might be taller than a grizzly Sweet! "Let's go for a walk."
\[ok!\]
He gave me a bone to carry. Fuck  The flavors here are different. I drooled. It tasted like roasted sirloin.
"*And* you can taste sinner. Oh Kaizen picked some good ones. Come little one. There's too much fucking and not enough screaming down here." He beamed.
\[OK!\] I get to torment the damned! That sounds better than slashing!
They won't die or bleed out I get to hone my skills Below.
I was a kid in a candy store.
I get to feel my mate Killing is my mate. It is my bread it is my water it is my air. 
One a day
Forever more.
###chapter 131
A/N: The rest of this will be posted THIS afternoon, like midnight! it's already written and edited.
Kaizen
All of them are lucky. So lucky. If not for me sending off Jack, he'd have seen this as a reset of his one a day rule, and eviscerated some poor fool in anger tonight. He loves his work. 
If not for my powers of teleportation, I'd have had turn Mr. Willard Harrison, the former owner of GreenMart. He wasn't strong or fast. It surprised me that he was able to be a Rogue without incident for so long
To be fair, they might still be in a hotel somewhere if their car didn't get stolen, along with their valuables. They'd been like this for months, running from GreenMoon but until last week, they at least had supplies.
They're clean. No priors, only cleared incident reports that have been .deleted.
That pack It seems I'm starting to get more of his people This is the second family, no third after Gloria.
Gloria is from GreenMoon. She does well now, staying out of trouble. She works with Cecil, the magenta half dragon who runs the daycare. It's nice to think of all the progress everyone's making, despite how fucked up tonight has been
I watched my custom hellcat be put out by the Misfit Fire Department insurance is dicking me around too, saying that I could have *also* saved my tin can, AND children.
Fuck Wax'wakka, Wix's half-sister. How the Fuck was I supposed to know 'wakka' is a goblin insult, and that I *wasn't* supposed to say it?! Why'd you Keep your original name if it means Wax, Bastard of Hadeon?!
"Please sir forgive my son." She begged, still being stitched up.
"If not for Lord Kaizen, I can rightly say your family would be the newest victims of Jack the Slasher." Said grandfather, posing as a doctor. He babysat Jack And me it seemed.
"Stop begging for their lives. I may be an asshole, but I don't kill kids." Not for a car. That's fucking stupid. "I'm just pissed. That car was a hundred grand!"
"Sorry." Said Phillis, the teenager. I'd ad him to the pack no problem, but fuck if I still wasn't pissed. That was my first big purchase my fastest car even the engine was upgraded. But I did gain a kid with potential. His father may be weak, but I could scent all he needs is a little time and some training.
Though I've also noticed that since I've lived here, all the supernaturals have become stronger, not just those claimed by the Night Court.
"Stop Apologizing." I hissed. "It was an emergency, and *I* left my keys in the car." I snarled, but then I facepalmed. "It's My fault but also it's not all bad." I sighed.
"Why's that sir?" She asked.
"I get 5 new pack members if you're willing to stay." I said sitting down. "Tell me how you got here."
They may have skills, however, they are Weak wolves. No one will take them in 
"But there's 4 of us." Said her youngest, Morgen.
"Yeah, but you're getting a little brother or sister soon too." I mention casually. The scent of citrus was uncanny. She's probably 3 months along. Good on her for somehow keeping her family comforted during such a turbulent time. "So tell me why you're running. I'll add you with my phone."
"That bitch Gloria. It's all her fault." She hissed. 
"How so?" I asked.
"Alpha Green's a *dog* but he's a *good* Alpha. Gloria just couldn't be satisfied She KNEW he was taken, and waved her tail in his face, knowing he'd chase it!" I take it she saw all the flirting. "I I'm only an Omega, so I could only watch I wouldn't dare say anything to the upper ranks" she hesitated. There it is. I won't pry, it'll likely hurt her but grandfather stuck around to see this play out.
"And I take it your Luna thought that since you knew, you either had something to do with it too, or you sided with Gloria."
".She didn't even give me a chance to talk to her Then I started getting write ups."
Luna Tyna took her shit out on this Omega. And so did Green.
But Omega mistreatment like this is common. There are many who think might is the only thing an Alpha should have In packs like those the weak suffer, but are too afraid to leave. 
Or unable to.
No one wants Omegas They're seen almost as a burden, yet, they are the most useful, since they can travel freely in human towns. People don't ever think of that trade off
Nobody sees them as the backbone of a pack. Well, royals do because normal wolves can't tolerate the castle.
You can be as strong as you fucking want to be. Don't get pack deliveries on time and see the chaos of every shop owner and Arrowzon user in your office. Without Omegas, life would be So much riskier, Sanctuary or Not. Shit would be So much more inconvenient.
If they stay, I really, truly do need more maids and delivery drivers. This town's saturated with doctors, lawyers, CEO's and snub nosed high-borns. All commoners are *welcome*.
"She has him frothing at the mouth We shouldn't have left." She mumbled, looking at the direction of the operating room Jack put his hands on him. He'll never walk the same again. Grandfather isn't the one operating. He's just here because he wants to be. "The pack makes a lot of money with aviation. But But when his mood's bad for we Omegas it's all bad."
She had my attention. If I get up, Green's going to be delivered to Tyson. Let him deal with him this time.
"After she tricked Alpha, he's been so bloodthirsty so cruel  His fist is iron His punishments for everything is the maximum sentence.."
"He is Alpha. I believe she's only in her 50's or so." I said it that way to be a little nice about it. "There wasn't any tricking. He took advantage, then got mad that there were consequences for his doggish decisions."
Looking at their files pissed me off. Huh, the Luna's name is different Oh, she just changed it because she's registered as mortal relations. Fair enough.
".Every little thing that goes wrong was her fault. And according to Luna Tyna now everything's Reeta's the *real* Luna but"
"You disagree, but can't say anything. Luna Tyna bullies her to no end." Not illegal but a shit thing to do. She's trying to make her leave. "Has he purposefully maimed or harmed pack without reason?" I asked.
"No not that I know of." She lied.
I looked into her memories.
She was a maid, and she was accused of stealing. She got lashes.
Both me and grandfather glared at that memory That was a whip meant for ranked Warriors the silver one with nine tails Grandpa Kaiden taught me how to flick that whip good enough to make the silver glow.
And she was innocent there was no investigation her Luna's words did this to her
And what's worse, was that this was done on purpose. They can't make it out there Wolves like this really do NEED to be in a pack! That's what it's fucking for!
The missing items were found pretty much right after. His mark mate was being absent minded with her jewelry, but that didn't give him the right to punish so harshly to an Omega no less.
Seeing that made me feel a little bloodthirsty. It isn't right. Just because you Can do something, doesn't mean you Should
And of course, Willard and Green got into it, but he's not even Warrior strength. He originally ran their super market, so he will have skills in management, accounting, and dealing with multiple employees as well as customers. It's hard to find wolves who can do that well, unmonitored.
I teleported to GreenMoon after looking up where it was. Fuck it.
He's getting that personal Visit. He's earned it now.
I landed outside their packhouse and walked in. His Warriors freaked out. Not only did I just appear, but I appeared 7'6, 417 pounds, with a flame between horns that shouldn't and Don't exist for not many others. Many bowed or screamed. The usual.
You don't get mad at the hands for what the head does.
"Where's your Alpha?" I asked his Beta.
"Your Highness!" yelled Beta Oki'ka. I've met him before; I think Once at the castle. His Beta's a stocky white wolf from south Asia. Even when I went to meetings on Tyson's behalf, this pack was just too far away for us to really be in the same circle. "He's in his office. He was Just about to do the morning patrol."
"Alright." I said going up the stairs. He'll be at the top.
He wasn't just about to go on patrol, he was spending time with his mark mate. I could hear him trying to console her, since she thought I'd come to kill him. I had no issue about that.
I won't kill him. 
Seeing his face pissed me off
I had to ask myself who'll support his son, the one I'm training myself to come defeat his ass later.? I won't create any hatred for his father, and I instructed Gloria not to either He'll do that all on his own, with the way he acts.
Green bowed. He held a long braid with shaved sides, a style I thought about, but my horns would make it look weird.
"I'm getting more of your run aways." I said as we walked to his office. His mark mate followed, though her office wasn't in his, so she had to sit in a guest chair as well.
"You mean the Fletcher family?" He said with a sneer. "She stole from us."
"No, I actually came on behalf of the Harrison family." I let my flames flick in my agitation. "You took your frustration out on Omegas and Children. Your Child Support has increased to 7 thousand a month."
"What! Your Highness-"
"It is compensation." I said standing as my full height. "It will go to the medical bills created Because of Your Poor Treatment."
###chapter 132
Kaizen
He looked at me stupidly.
"They chose to leave sir!" He begged.
"After you Beat an Omega with Warrior Grade Whips. I saw the memories on their souls myself because she was too scared of you to even fucking say it out loud!"
He was silent a while.
"Damn.Is Willard alright?" He asked this genuinely. He didn't realize his actions would put pack in danger. "But I didn't *beat* them. They're just soft."
"But that doesn't fucking matter!" I yelled. "She's still an Omega She's still no stronger than a human; they can't handle that kind of punishment. You're a Fool to think her *mate* wouldn't pack their shit and try the wild."
"I know I fucking know. GreenMart's a mess now." He mumbled. "Willie's only a Kappa, but he was a good butcher, and even better manager I could trust him."
So he's only about as big as Grandma Eclipse shit he's small He didn't stand a *Chance* with Jack.
"I should have double checked." Said his mate. ". This isn't good for our pup."
I took two sniffs. "Your pup." I corrected. How did he not smell her mate on her? I guess the heavy perfume? Good thing I can out supernatural bullshit.
". So you were still seeing Archy." He mumbled. "To be fair I did hook up with my mate too."
If he wanted his mate, he should have mated AND MARKED her not All This.
He was supposed to fire and reprimand his Omegas with a little prison time. Maybe banishment if it was something expensive like Blowing Up My Hellcat.
"So wherever she is she's pregnant too. Same price as Gloria's pup."
"We make planes my prince. I can afford it." He mumbled. "But I can't afford the heartbreak I'm about to endure. Heartbreak I earned all on my own." He sighed, looking at his hands.
"Aye." As much as I don't like him as a person rejection Hurts.
"Reeta's out there with my pupShe's two months along and my dumbass couldn't scent itAnd *I* let You haze her to leave but I couldn't let her goReeta didn't even reject me back. Well Yet, I imagine she will before tonight's over"
"Baby-" Her attempt to sooth him was thwarted by him taking a step back.
The man was heartbroken. He chose a Mark mate over his true like a Fool, and got played.
"Shut up. You wanted to have your cake and eat it too so did I" He punched the window in his office, disgusted with his own reflection. But his thoughts weren't specific on what Tyna did to MAKE Reeta leave Tonight "We're done I want you and your mate gone by sunrise. Your lot, pup included, are banished. Go fuck Archy somewhere else."
"Yes Alpha." 
That is his right. Here he is Alpha, and I will not take them in I already house Reeta and Gloria but I know they both blame her.
"I cannot accept you; Gloria will kill you, but more importantly, you will not make trouble for my mate." I said firmly. 
Willow is a good Luna, but that's walking drama. No one will want them but these days GreenMoon applicants get turned down because of his reputation. That's what happens when you get shitty Alphas what we do reflects on them, just as what they do reflects on me.
"I understand sire." She said leaving.
"Good call." Said Grandfather, a little proud that I wasn't a bleeding heart. Why the Fuck would I be?! Those little shits make problems everywhere they go!
"That family was sliced up pretty good by Jack the Slasher." I said glaring at him.
"Oh my Gods!" His eyes bugged out in Horror. ". Jack the *Fucking* Slasher ?!" He glared at the floor.
"I heard he's killed enough people to become and Old One." Said grandfather. "Jack the Slashing One."
"I wholeheartedly believe that I've engaged that Rogue before. No unranked wolf could survive an attack like that. He walks through Fucking Walls! And I Killed him Because Of Ty-"
"They're *alive*, but he'll never walk right again. Who do you think he's going to blame the rest of his immortal life?" I asked.
"Me sir." He said firmly, like a man to another man. "The reputation of GreenMoon is consistently tarnished by *me*.. I can get mad at Reeta, Gloria, or Tina all I want. But I'm Alpha."
"Yes. And *you're* responsible for the medical bills and surgeries *I had to pay for.* A cool 200k. Had you not made them leave with your cruelty, they would have Never been out there." They wouldn't have stolen my car either, but that's petty, so I won't mention it. I have a feeling insurance won't pay up either but to be fair that damn car had NO room for pups. "She praised your pack management, even holding scars from such soft skin being lashed."
He used an Alpha's whip on an Omega. Not illegal, but I did shoot Tyson a text.
321.And Pissed Off King. 
He appeared directly behind him, snorting fire, smelling of brimstone. I held my laugh. To me, his screams were hilarious, just deserts for being incompetent, petty, and childish.
"What The Fuck is he doing to Omegas?" Hissed Tyson. His soft spot for the weak might get Alpha Green Killed.
"You saw." I motioned him. "Explain to your king why you beat them, and why you let your mark mate haze your true So harshlyJust a Hair from breaking the law."
*now he was scared.*
"Be honest. We both hear your buzzing." I said with a glare. He was going to blame Gloria too it's what he'd probably told the pack since he started losing his temper.
And packs follow their Alpha's lead, so the pack likely blames her too, even if they know better. That's what they'll say, since it's the acceptable explanation. Most times, they agree with us, even when they don't because this isn't a democracy.
There isn't a vote.
There Isn't a way to challenge unless they're ready to take it outside so it's safer to nod, bow, and roll over.
".I was Pissed Ok! Is that what you want to hear?!" He asked, and Tyson slapped him. He slapped him hard enough to knock him right on his ass. A taste stronger and he'd probably be passed out.
"I want to hear the Truth." He hissed.
"I was pissed more at myself and how all this played out If I'd have just accepted my mate, none of this would've happened.  I could have had Two blessed pups from my Mate.Right about now, she'd be making dinner She made me a sandwich once just stupid deli meat"
"And nothing could compare." I said in understanding The bond break hurts mentally and physically. We left him alone a moment. 
Let him grieve. 
Rejecting your mate, in my opinion, is almost like fucking cursing yourself There is Only One. And to deny it, is to be eternally wanting for it as an immortal. A thousand years can pass, and he will still feel like this was yesterdayforever.
He will never see his mate's smile He will never know his pups unless he comes to visit, which I doubt since it's so awkward. He will never know how nice it is just to wake up, and she's right there with the kids, and it's your turn to take them to the toilet, bathe them, and brush their teeth.
He will never know what it feels like for the mundane to feel as magic never see his pups grow to be men, to be with them their first kill.
Some of my closest, fondest memories his children won't get. Bastards in our culture don't happen often so it is looked Down on harshly. Those women will be judged and shunned as harlot pack breakers. Alpha ruiners, when it's Him who's the Problem.
I should gut his ass right now. Flay 'em while he's still breathing. It would be easy, much easier to be a monster than a prince any day.
Oh, and she'll probably fit on the playpen floor. I finally got to see why Reeta fled for her life. That Dirty Bitch beat her within an inch of her life, knowing she was with pup.
What the fuck could Reeta do? She has no power and what power she was supposed to have, Green didn't provide... He didn't know details, but I know he felt that 
A white scroll appeared in my hands with the Moon on it.
I burned it. 
I have been barred from flaying them. Tyson too He has no idea how his goddess has saved his worthless pelt. I've been wanting a floor rug for the office, and he's a light enough shade to dye cobalt blue. 
Alpha Green realized all that now. His wolf took over, and cried bitter tears on his knees. Gabble, I felt sorry for. The wolf isn't in control, merely a passengerHe had to watch this play out. 
It makes me thankful there is no human side to me This is a lot of power and authority to hold, too much to be corrupt.
\[It is all his fault.\] Gabble whined, losing his form, laying on his side as if he'd been stabbed in the heart. The bond thread snappedShe'd finally rejected him back. Alpha Green's wolf was so hurt as he lay there But he did this.
"Nobody made him reject his mate. He did that part all on his own." Said Tyson. In the eyes of the Wolf King, he deserved no pity. "Nobody made him get Gloria pregnant, or make Tyna Luna when she Shouldn't have been. Nobody told him to reject and badmouth his mate because she was an Omega. And YOU allowed Tyna to punish her for Nothing. You Knew she was "
I need to find Reeta now that I think of it. She's an Omega, so her wolf's dormant but I know this still hurts. The bond break affects them both. Green's wolf still didn't give him back control His instinct was to go make this right somehow.
But it's too late for that. The bond's snapped that's It.
That was done by grandmother. 
"That you break my grandmother's heart yet she still protects you lot." I growled. I don't know if that was even proper English. I don't care. I wanted to punch him I can't. I can't hold myself back right now.
If they got together now, they'd basically be mark mates.
\[I told him to take her that the Goddess does not make mistakesI told him now we have *nothing* like I saidJust like I said.\] Gabble screamed on his side on the floor like  Like a Dog? It kind of took away from how fucked up this was.
/. Why does he sound like a Husky?/ I linked. Like a WeTube Short like huskies when they don't have their way. 
\[This is my fault!! \] He wailed Alpha Green did it again. I Was right, but his pack members thought we were monsters because he were chuckling.
 /Yeah! Remember the video grandpa Kaiden sent? When Bagel had the temper-tantrum?/
She laid in the tub and complained because it wasn't bathtime yet.
 I made Tyson chuckle.
/I hear it too. Wa-Wa-Wa/ He linked.
/You're a dick./ I linked back with a grin. /Wa-wa-wa is gonna be a thing now. I'm doing it./
/He did this to himself. Boo-fuckin'-hoo./ He rolled his eyes. Tyson outright laughed. /Wa-wa-wa./
Grandfather left. He's a god who holds a mate, one that was imprisoned. It was a little much for the Horned One, and that's saying something.
He will never know the touch of his mate ever again. Something I cannot risk with Willow.
###chapter 133
Kaizen
Green took back control, but not the form. It just hurt too much to hold the shape. \[I'd be fucking *happy* not chasing tail and having bastards. Not Smelling My Mark Mate with Her True StillBut Reeta's gone I heard her bastard brother made it to Misfit, so that's where she's headed as well. She's not dead but she left too\]
"Because you Tried having your cake and eating it to." Said Tyson. "You're pissed she left, but if you wanted your mate, you should have Had Your Mate. Now you must suffer your eternity without. Make do with what you have, and stop making fucking Tears!" Said Tyson coldly. "And you." He pointed a clawed finger at Tyna, summoning her to be in front of him with magic.
.Ok that was Cool! I need to do that. "You're Just as Wrong! At no point were you ever faithful because you mated the position, not the man."
He howled on the floor like a damn husky. But fuck I felt bad for him. After that Green composed himself and shifted, embarrassed and ashamed.
".You have my blood word your highness My the bond's cut I don't ever want another woman ever again, unless Reeta somehow takes me back." He bowed, that last part was his wolf. "I can never have my mate ever again and as much as my wolf howls. We are mateless for all time I've been Cursed." He looked at his hands. "My goddess no longer looks my direction I swear the room feels colder."
Indeed, I could see his soul the Moon on his heart had a little black X. He will forever be mateless.
"My word is also in blood because I know if I don't, you'll behead me." Mumbled his mark mate. "I vow to only have my mate an none else."
I resisted the urge to curse her. I didn't think it fair she gets her mate after she wrecked this whole pack for power she was never supposed to have, yet, it is poeticAfter all, he invited her into his bed, knowing she didn't belong there.
"Behead?" Scoffed Tyson. "You gave me your *blood* word. If you break your oath, your soul is mine." He hissed.
"Oh yeah, you eat souls." I mumbled.
"Yeah, I try to stick to sinners and assholes though." And I knew Tyson He *makes* Solar Light Energy because he is a truly noble man It tears at him to do that, but he must need it to live. He's not the kind of person to do it for power's sake alone.
They vow, but I don't think they Really understand. Tyson is a Demigod. To break an oath with him, it means he'll know it pretty instantly. He'll kill them both. They aren't sinners or anything though, so he'll likely stop there.
"Beta Oki'ka, go put him on the fucking post. You wanna mistreat Omegas, *I* wanna mistreat you." Snarled Tyson.
"Good. I need to go home. And find Reeta. She's an Omega I believe." 
"Ah, come back and have a beer or something with me later." He complained. "All I've done all day is crack skulls and reap Atlanta-7."
"Oh yeah the Chuthuloo planet."
We shouldn't talk about our job while on the job, but whatever. I say let 'um hear how absolutely fucked they are if they break that oath.
That was in the Hell York Times this morning. The cult there summoned him, and he consumed that world. It was destroyed before the cult could infect Atlanta-6, the last planet with life in that solar system.
But I thought all the Atlanta planets belonged to Arviel? I could see him asking such a favor though. Atlantis planets are usually advanced to no end.
"I have an extra free pass to Sunland on Aearth if you wanna go." Bribed Tyson. "Pups under 5 get in free." He sang.
 I bet it's like Nightland on Zearth. A huge, themed amusement park you could stay the whole day and still not do everything. Tempting but I think Willow needs a pup break.
I did that. I overloaded my precious mateand this would make it worse.
Nightland's capacity at any given day is 850,000 ride goers Coasters sit up to 5,000 at a time It would be exhausting for her and she's already tired. The amusement park is a Actual town. I bet the case is the same with Sunland.
"Damn. I got mate stuff to deal with." I was about to teleport, but he sighed.
"Just tell Willow what I told Samira."
"What'd you tell Samira?"
"The truth." He teleported
"Alright."
I texted Rick. I was thankful that she shared her location with him I knew that stretch of interstate, she was about an hour away
I knew this teleport was going to be bad I knew it was, because I can't See inside when I do it
She was pulled over, crying her eyes out, and I floated above. One more teleport, and I was kind of fused with the car seat a second, which Hurts, but it can be fixed if you're fast enough.
"Ah!" She screamed.
"Sorry. I'm Alpha Kaizen I lead MisfitMoon." I offered to shake her wrist it was bruised. That scent was from Tyna. She's why she left. "Nobody is going to hurt you ever again." I pulled her into a hug. I comforted her How broken her soul felt.
It is not fair This was never meant to happen to one so sweet. Most little ones are. Sentinel asked my opinion on finding a woman for himself. Gloria wasn't interested.She changed her ways, taking a blood vow of chastity With time Reeta might.
I let her cry on my shoulders. I petted her hair I could see bruising on her scalp too that takes a lot of force
She'd never been embraced right She didn't know what a *real* mate bond is supposed to feel like with Tyna taking her frustration out on her Gloria too and any other Warrior who had a bad day, poor kid. They hazed her so bad because of Tyna and likely jealousy.
She's Supposed to be Luna after allAt any time, Green could have changed his mind. He's Alpha; he can do that so long as the bond wasn't snapped.
"They were Awful!" She cried. "She'd flaunt him in front of me and he'd let her  He said he didn't want a dirty Omega but but he made me feel special in private. That was Gabble Then Tyna scented him on me I took three showers but sinceand he just-I don't want him. Not after today. I can't do it anymore! They can have him!" she cried more.
Tyna may not be as strong as Gloria, I could scent that, but she was a Warrior How does grandma do this? How does she see what people like them do, and formally ask me to stop interfering? I burned the pink letter without reading it.
I knew what it was, but also, I was scaring my new charge I need to calm down. Good thing she can't smell anger.
"I'll drive you to your brother. He already has the access to add you." I said firmly. "He sounded like a husky when the bond broke." I chuckle. "Wa Wa Wa Wa." I imitated. She giggled.
"Thank you my lord" She mumbled. We switched seats.
I bless that pup here and now. Let them be strong and proud Let them run with me, or even my brother Their life will be hard Multiple children exist from Green Multiple will grow up wanting to crack his skull for making their mothers cry
He has I think 5 children now? The others weren't strong enough, so they left GreenMoon but I have a feeling the two in Misfit will
And I will aid them. I will train them myself with my boys. Even if they end up being Omegas, with my blood they will be Strong. Her cry turned into a quiet sniffle the rest of the way. It's hard to sit here and do nothing about it but I did what I could. Her child already has financial justice and I guess I'll have to do the rest of it myself. I know Green. He regrets it all now, but he won't come for her even if he does, the bond's gone.
It'll be like trying to win a mark mate once the bond snaps like that it's over.
And for fucking What?
Alpha Green tossed his mate aside because she was an Omega, yet, that woman would have loved him. That pup is going to be his strongest pup They're the one from his mate. All pups from mates automatically get blessings.
I can't see grandmother not blessing Reeta's pup extra. She's not only a discarded mate, but she was meant to be Luna.
She was discarded for women who Didn't want Him, they wanted to be Luna. He wanted strong women. Well now, he has nothing, except more pups ones that will grow up to come back and kill him.
###chapter 134
Kaizen
"...... Rick Rick told me that you can see people's past. I'm sorry." She said as I pulled into the house.
"The bullying is hard to watch, but you have my word that I will never allow this here." I hissed. "Welcome to Misfit. All of us are fucked up or over, but I only allow good people."
She didn't know what to say But Rick TRIED to take her with him, but Green fucking blocked him. He didn't Want her, but he didn't want to be rid of her either
"OH MY GODS!" Screamed Rick, freaking out who wouldn't? If this was Grace, I don't know if this planet would still be here. Aureus would be a Fucking Rug if he broke her heart. "What did he DO to you?!" his yelling gathered a crowd. "HE GOT YOU PREGNANT?!"
"Gabble was sweet but Frankhe didn't want me." She cried. He hugged her. "I'm sorry. He mated me but Tyna blocked him from marking meand"
"That's enough." I growled. "Do not be sorry Green let his wolf out so he could keep fucking Tyna without his wolf acting up.. But fear not. The child you hold will be on the King's Council." I said 
As the wolf, she was pack before she crossed my border in my eyes. I already hold her brother and he is useful. Since his placement here, and my Alpha status, he's helped me and Ace to no end It angers me that I can do nothing
She has not gotten justice, and I'm too impatient to wait I want it Now like the demigod I  am. Grandma to block me has plans 
"Don't be sorry!... I should have been stronger...I've been trying this whole time"
"He ordered I stop talking to you." She sniffled. "That's why I only texted you when I got home. Then Luna started checking my phone I got lashes for every word."
She's been texting him every day
A red scroll that I couldn't destroy or let go appeared. This one wasn't a warning. It was a command. FINE.
"I'm sorry. Alpha, please tell me that fucker's dead."
"He's not." I said firmly. "I have been ordered to stave my hand."
Once I said what the scroll said out loud, I could burn it. I put my rage into that the flames became a dark purple I'd gained black fire from this. Should I ever get the chance, I'll thank them by roasting them with it.
"It's going to be alright We have doctors and lawyers here to no end look at you I'm so sorry. If I was stronger, I could have killed him" Rick looked away in shame. "Look at what he did to you."
"He would not be breathing if those were from him. Tyna did this." I said firmly. "Round up the Omegas, and every ranked pack member." I barked. I know the whole pack heard that summons I saw Sentinel lazily make his way over too.
"Alpha." Many bowed. Willow sleepily walked through the crowd, but woke up seeing how badly beaten Reeta was
Why does the Goddess stop me from smiting her children?
She bids I spend no more divine magic their way 
"Oh my god" She said holding her hands to her lips. "Let's get her to the infirmary."
"Yes Luna." Said Rick.
Willow without hesitation went to help her new pack member I know she's tired but we Upper Ranks don't get breaks. I didn't even know what time it was. Teleporting tends to do that to me, but I had to address the pack. I did this for Every Omega.
 "The Former Luna of GreenMoon was Banished for her actions." I said first. "For those who lust beyond your station, You will get a formal warning here and now. Your place is your place. To move up and down here is with Merit, not who you fuck!"
"Yes Sir!" Shouted my Warriors.
"And no hand is to be laid on the Weak." I said with narrowed eyes.
"I Second That." Growled Sentinel. We fist bumped. "If I catch you, I'm throwing you on the Ring."
It was then that my flames shot high in the sky. The thought of this happening here pissed me All the way off. That was It. I'd had it. If not for Willow I'd have left to go on a killing spree. GreenMoon would be no more.
"If *I* catch Anyone bullying Omegas, or the equivalent to your people, whatever peace you think you have, whatever cherished little nook here you Think you can hide in, you Won't." I scoffed. "You fucking won't I can bet you that." 
\----8:30am-----
Reeta was safe, and she was with pup. About two months along according to grandfather He also blessed that pup because grandma asked. He will be a son, one who will be about as strong as Gilbert. So strong enough to replace a dead council member. I also already texted Tyson, who's elated.
Green has agreed to just pay out lump sums for his pups, 3 million each, and an Omega should be here with those checks this afternoon.
It will be refused.
He will pay *each* month. I won't let him 'forget' about his pups. If this happens again, I'm going to get him neutered. That man's probably making Arviel jealous.
I chuckled, waking myself up a bit, while my mate and Eternya did the rest.
Laughter woke me up I'd have to settle for a shorter nap than I'd planned. I said I'd watch the boys today anyway, but thankfully they snored on my chest.
I also caught the bed ablaze from my damn candle's flicker, however Tyson shared how to repair the area by trading magical energy for matter. As a demigod, I am not allowed to break the laws of reality fully. Like, I can't make something that doesn't exist from *nothing* like grandfather or the Three Princes, however, I *can* exchange my magic for materials. 
I think he said the conversion was a soul's worth of energy to repair a house my size.
"What are they doing down there?" I asked with a chuckle. The boys were taking a nap on my chest, but as soon as I woke up, they were ready to go. They followed me with a little bounce, tails in the air following papa, not wondering off to play with the ton of toys left out for them.
After all they are teething. There's still no guarantee I'll wake up to having unburned shoes
We went home so I could protect my pack. There's nothing personal with Tyson anymore, but my mortals hold my priority. Misfit was built for the thrown away, forgotten, lost, and discarded.
Apparently, I'm starting to get the nickname of The Goatherder. If it keeps up, it will become a real title in 20 years or so.
Basically, I'll become stronger when protecting my homewoerld. 
"Way to go master!" Laughed Eternya. "My Lord Get Up and come see this! Baby We're on the Front Page Too! Look!"
"..no.. No NOOO!!!" She yelled while he laughed. "My Lady Don't Look!" 
"LOOK!" He yelled laughing. "You're blurred."
"oh but Still!"
". Wow you're certainly passionate." Said Willow. "So, everyone's just on his Altar screwing their brains out?"
"For *6* more days. I came up for some normal air. Holy shit." He chuckled.
"Take me Out BACK AND LAY ME ON THE RING!" Screamed Elinore.. Eternya Laughed a hearty chuckle. I resisted facepalming.
"This is Exciting! HA!" There were texting sounds. "The Rotted One's Jealous. Fuck off *bug-boy!!*" he laughed. I could hear Eternya Squeal like a little schoolgirl down there as he laughed, and Elinore flipped out. "Look At Eskaal The Fucking Virgin! He's just standing there with a Fucking Clipboard AH! Hahaha!" 
"Oh my Gods! I'm SO GLAD I DIDN'T GO!!!!!" Squealed Willow.
". I mean. There's still plenty of time." Said Elinore quietly "The master blessed all the females, even non-shifters, with heat."
"WHAT?!" Yelled Willow. "IS THAT WHY YOU-"
".Yeah. and like How do you do it? Even standing here is a choreIt's all you want and Below wow I'm not even tired. I feel like I *should* be."
"You let go." Admitted Willow. ". Shit I wonder if I'd go into heat early if I went Below?"
I teleported taking the boys with me. We were at the top of the stairs, but I wanted to hear what I missed Like this was only meant to be a nap!
"Yeah I got a heat cycle now once a centurySame as yours my lady." Said Elinore. "So I'd have to guess a hard 'yes' to that."
"You sound like that's a bad thing." Chuckled Eternya.
"It isn't, but this is kind of embarrassing husband." She said sheepishly. "Wait All Hell all of it sees this articleand all the generals who didn't go probably bought a paper! Your co-workers see this!! That's even *more* embarrassing!" She blushed.
###chapter 135
Kaizen
"It really isn't." Said Eternya. "We don't care about sex like mortals do. And The Moon Goddess was *Very* specific about us attending too for some reason.Oh, and when the reporters asked, I made sure to blur you dear. I don't mind if anyone sees my bits." He chuckled. "I'm sure at least a third of hell already has."
"Oh stop." She giggled.
It surprised me that Eternya didn't catch on. So I wouldn't say anything.
This was probably meant to be a surprise. So was my cousin on the front page
. Harmony made Hell's news..
The Hell York Times had the photo and headline in color.
At least they obscured Harmony's part of the photo with heavy censoring; she was asleep under a black satin blanket, but my Uncle sat but ass naked smoking a long pipe on the edge. He looked so casual about this too, waving his left hand to cast an enormous circle, but I can't read High Godspeach, only lower. Xaxas watched the rest of the entirety of hell get down with him, though his face looked bored.
. And Why Was His Flaccid Cock Out? It's bad enough Tyson has ours flapping around on the internet.
But at the same time, who'd heckle *him* for anything?
I don't know why they printed it in color, but I saw Eternya and Elinore, along with any other generals that had girlfriends or mates.
That's whatever. As the demons say, 'it's only flesh', but there's no sweeter flesh than the taste of one's mate 
This was entirely over the top. Typical Uncle Xaxas I'm surprised he didn't pull this stunt on Urth too.
Huh then humans on this world would have a breeding season I bet that could be interesting.
"I didn't expect to see his new drakes and vampyr." I said referring to the island guardians on my uncle's island, bedding their mates. They protect the altar on Urth with Gulteer, the First Witch, and his familiar. Zeh'Kahrraam, the First Demon.
What were their names? Randy and Bandy? It doesn't matter. I'll ask if I run into them. I handed them back the paper. At least this morning Willow's in a better mood. 
How am I going to talk to her? 
Also, about half of hell is pregnant, since half are female So Eternya was right. But more importantly, jokes aside it isn't what she wants.
I wondered why so many were born when my boys were 
"Baby Look!" Pointed Eternya. "Ah yeah that was our fourth go too, the one where you yanked my blood feathers out."
He lifted up his silken hair, and indeed there was a quarter sized bald spot there. 
"OH-MY-GODS-SHUTUP!" Elinore ran to the bathroom red as a tomato, and me and Eternya fist bumped.
"The master used primordial magic. You two need, no you Have to try it. It's still ringing through all hell" He hummed, which ended with a satisfied growl. "Kaizen you have to." He said looking me in the eyes, leaving out all the 'master' shit
"I'd *never* agree to that!" Complained Willow.
"Don't be a stick in the mud my lady." Said Eternya. "It's the vacation I'm sure you both need."
"Yeah, but I don't want to be On The NEWS!" she yelled.
I was about to stop Eternya from actually agitating her, but he held his hand up.
"I only suggest it because there's so much fun to be had." He said with a soft smile. "Not only does All Hell watch, but we participate. Everything's on sale, everyone's in a good mood, well on Layer 1." Said Eternya. "Isn't that right Elinore."
"SHUT UP!!!!" She squealed from the bathroom. "I'm going back to the Judgment Realm!" 
"My love, if you go down there, I'm going to be bald." Laughed Eternya. 
"I can hide in your wing of the master's castle!" She said as he went into the bathroom with her, and there were giggles.
My personal room within the General's Chambers is at grandfather's castle, however I plan on taking my mate to our private cottage a nice, peaceful get away for us for like a month or two. Maybe three since time flows differently we could really have some time off
We could go on the last day, and stay a while after I'll swing it by her.
"I dare say that you'll even be having an entire clutch, not just a baby like mammals. Come on, let me fly you Below." He said that seductively. "Let's make a sister for our first son hmm?" 
"One more time." She giggled. "I Will Only Have One At A Time! And That's Final-Ooh!" 
This was giving me memories of Paradice Island. 
I could tell by the flaming whoosh of teleportation. And the lingering of full blown heat, that Eternya was about to have the best time of his fucking lif-
"I see your face Kaizen." She held a squirt bottle. The boys hid behind me; they hate water like I did as a pup.
But *When* did she get that?!
It was labeled 'Flora'. 
Figures.
"Put it down baby. I don't bite." I chuckled taking a single step. I accidently teleported two steps away from her.messing with her was fun. And I guess subconsciously I wanted to test the limit before she got me.
"Stay back! Stop Stop *That*!" She yelled with a laugh, but how could I *not* gain a boner around my mate, who's starting to smell aroused It made me growl a little. She shook the squirt bottle as if it would stop me.
The rise in her arousal meant that I wasn't going to far. So I advanced a little.
"I can drop off the boys." I sang.
She shook it again, grinning evilly. "Last Warning Buddy."
She wouldn't. I know she won't.
"You wouldn't you *Love* m-AH!" I complained. She got me with water.
"Back! Back I say!" She pelted the three of us while we ran. "I Banish You Demon!"
"I'm Banished, I'm Banished!" I joked with her.
I took the boys with me, going to Grandpa Kaiden's house.
Her 'banishing' actually pushed me a LITTLE bit  I'll be sure to tell her trainer. It may be her ability.
\[Papa! Pups!\] Yelled Bagel while he tossed a ball. Grandpa Kaiden was the kind of man to say 'we aren't getting a dog' and actually not keep it but he loved *that* dog like his actual pup.
She sleeps in their bed and has her own *Labeled Chair* at the table. She does not eat dog food, and she does have wolfish manners, and has the intelligence of I Think a 4 year old? I'm not here enough, and if I ask. Grandpa will show me all her photos again.
You'd think it's grandma that spoils my little 'auntie'. It's grandpa. 
That little pup even has *Arviel's* favor it's almost not fair.
The only thing to indicate that she'd died was a fur patch that was missing in the form of the Horned One, and a golden blond patch on her forehead before her lil' nose stripe.
He had to trade his own dog for her but they don't need to know that. A life was taken for the lives of the dogs on Urth because without that sacrifice *none* of them would have come back. It is because at the time of death, Humblon's focus was on Urth.
"Gwran'pa! Gwran'ma!" they squealed, running to their grandparents the Second their paws touched dirt. 
"Oh, let me get the Fried H.A.M."
"Fried Ham?" I asked I even wiggled my ears in my human form.
Shit. I felt a little embarrassed about being *that* excited but Grandma Eclipse can cook! She learned from Nancy, this pack's Clementine
Clemintine works in Tyson's kitchens, though through our stomachs, even the Horned One poses as the family doctor as an excuse for a taste  She cooks with love, something we can savor.  I can't describe what passion or love tastes like emotions the flavors of those are akin to MSG. Hamburger Royalty just *Wouldn't* taste the Same without it.
"Made with love." Said grandma.. 
Umami, savory, or sweet emotions... good ones enhance flavors. I could taste that with her food. It made that ham, even cold, taste like  fresh bacon.
Mom's like that at Dad's pack. She learned from the best: Gabby, Libby's mother taught mom With grandma AND Nancy, uncle Connor's mate 
Now I thought about my pack honestly probably either Willow, Flora, or Chelsea would 'win'. Chelsea makes bacon wrapped croissants from scratch, being from France. I'd say baking or pasta is Flora's best, meat dishes would be Willow's, and breads, and soups are Chelsea's. That's fair.
It seems like every pack has at least one person who can really make good food but some of them have been cooking since before the 1605 Treaty.
"HAM!" yelled the boys.
I could see their souls It reminded me of Tyson and myself, but because of my wish, they won't have to go through what I did. The littermate bond forged, but it was made brittle enough to brake when they receive their mates.
I looked a little harder.
Vex and Ari's litter bond was strong that's * very good*. Once the sibling bonds break, they will still be close, but not connected. 
By our blood-ties, the Horned Wolves serve I could not imagine a world where I sided with the light or something 
Maybe if Arviel got his hands on Willow. Maybe if my claws were forced, but as it stood I remembered being here. We lived here even for a time. The old country home had to be 6 or even 700 years old, since it was commissioned by my great grandfather Kejh'Kaizo. 
And being the only living family member to have met him besides grandpa's generation, I can rightly say of all of us If not for Tyson, he would be a mighty king.
After all, most of the best leaders are capable ones who Don't Want the power, just to help their people.
###chapter 136
A/N: Yall I didn't know that I didn't post this!!!!! I have had this ready since maybe last year! I've been so busy trying to get the Bull's Beloved up! SORRY!
Kaizen
I shamelessly enjoyed my ham sandwich. It was country ham-steak, chicken fried  It was juicier than elk, but savory like bacon.
"What's up?" Asked Grandpa Kaiden. ". And Why are you *slightly* wet?"
"Willow won't let me take her Below." I grumbled. ". and she used Flora's squirt bottle on me!" 
Grandpa got a good laugh at my expense, but grandma looked stern. So I *did* fuck up. Damn it.
"Harmony said something about some kind of ritual. I'd be against that too." Glared grandma So they *knew* that much. "Stop trying to pry too." 
Her glares sting. 
It almost physically hurts to disappoint her, I swear.
"Sorry." Wolves saw me dip my head to the smallest wolf I've ever met. Even Willow's fox form is bigger.
"Snooping is Tyson's thing. What's wrong?" Asked grandpa.
"Like the prying was curiosity. I know if y'all talked to Harmony, you know where she is. I just wanted to try and make sure she's alright.
"She only visited, but stop stalling dear." Said grandma.
"Well.I honestly wanted to take Willlow on a date. The ritual stuff sounds fun, since I have a cabin Below out in the country ." I huffed. "This shit is hard grandma. I've never had someone I cared about this much. I want her to feel special. That she isn't just, I don't know, some kind of pup factory. This was an event that likely won't happen again, and the cabin has a scenic view of the countryside Like There're crops and everything."
"Oh, I understand now." Said grandpa. "You're only the wolf, but you're fine son." He put a hand on my shoulder, and took the last bite of my ham! "If you want her to feel special, just tell her. Take her on a date proper." He said with his mouth full. "One Not in Hell!" 
". Shit . Willow was human. You don't think she's mad at me for real, do you?" I asked. "I was just messin' around, but I think she got honestly upset"
Last night she was pretty upset too. But this morning she played along with me
Maybe she was trying to make me feel better about it, when she's the one who needs consoling? 
I hope I didn't offend her, that she thought the sexy time was the Only part of that vacation. Once time slowed down again, I was going to arrange for us to have a nice, long get away.
"Take her out to eat." Said grandma with a little understanding.
"Oh, I'll take her somewhere expensive, supernaturals only.." I thought out loud
Somewhere where she can Relax where she doesn't have to be stuffed in a human shape if she doesn't want to There's a Café like that in Bison, but I wanted something fancier
"Xaxas never stops talking about The Epicurean." Said Uncle Connor, coming to greet me with a hearty slap on the back. "Sup kid."
"Hey uncle. That's a Great Idea."
"It is, but you won't be able to buy admission with money. There's a 10 year waitlist." Connor warned.
"I know. Willow's trainer owns that place They wanted to be added to the fold.and honestly, two more magic users would be good." I mumbled. They'll still live their lives, just answer to me if I ever summon them.
I don't want her to think that my interest in Below is the *only* reason I want to hang out with her I don't even know what sparked this
"We'll watch the pups." Grandpa shifted. He probably goes to my elbows. \[Follow.\] He barked and my pups got into a V Formation with Bagel.
"When did you teach them pack formation?" I asked.
\[I never did. They were born like that. You were too.\] he chuckled.
I closed my eyes, trying to remember He was right. I was more of a soldier than I realized.
"Thanks Grandpa. I think taking her on a date today will help her feel special. It's been Kids-kids-kids since they've been born- Get Bagel's Paw OUT Of Your Mouth!" I boomed at my boys.
I scared them so good they scrambled to grandma for safety, since they *knew* they were in trouble!
Fuck I made some of the adults flinch.
"Sorry." I said sheepishly. That wasn't my intention.
"I Sorry." Said my boys at the same time.Me and Tyson still do that. 
"We must be careful how we touch others no biting mortals, ok?" I kneeled low, letting them look me in the eyes with So Much puppy appeasement, but I stood firm I tried imitating my father when I cut up.
They understood my wording, and they put their paws on my legs.
" 'Kay." They said looking guilty. Even Bagel learned the damn puppy pout.
I bet mom taught her that.
Fuck they're cute and I know all three of them know it 
Our conversation distracted both my boys, and Bagel, but I didn't want them to be too rough with their fire breath and needle teeth. It's instinct to be gentle, but they're still incredibly young. Bagel is Just a mortal, but they haven't played with her, or any true mortal roughly That's an accident waiting to happen if I'm not careful as their father. 
The minute or so of 'stern' face was pretty much over, and they already forgot they were being cheeky. I texted the Kitsune Lord, having to pay in blood for this date.
This place is so extravagant, money cannot buy you a seat, not if it's not years in advance. I must apologize and make this right. My mate's smile is worth any wish.
\----Willow----
He took the boys to their grandpa's house . They had a nice little playdate with Bagel, and we'll get them tomorrow But today we had a date.
Apparently, it was one that all the upper crust frothed for. I was complimented more for getting a table at The Epicurean than the multi-million dollar ring I wore. 
All the rich, influential members of the pack were jealous once I said where we were going to The Rotted One, our temporary guardian, in passingKaizen promised me that it wasn't anywhere near the Paradice Island blessings.
I still felt guilty that we aren't going because of *me*. Yet I value that he respects my wishes. I bet that's what this is all about too.
I put on a short, sparkly black dress since my hair was so red. It's dull glow made the sequins shine Not quite a blood red, but these past few days I'd become more fox colored, and my eyes become fox shaped when I'm angry, excited, or nervous.
Like right now.
'Angry' wasn't the right word, but I was upset Embarrassed. I don't Know!
..Trillions of people watched them have sex!
It made the News!
There were shots of ALL the Generals on HNN Down there!
Multiple realms talked about it!
Haven And Hell all talk about this stupid ritual that still has 5 days left.
I would DIE if everyone, *Everyone* saw me naked doing the deed with my mate!
 I get that there're *some things Xaxas won't get* being so important, but I don't want that to be ME!
I know Harmony is going to HIDE forever! I would!
"You're cute when you're flustered little mate." Said Kaizen from behind, holding my shoulders gently, kissing my neck.
"We aren't going anywhere if you keep that up." I giggled.
His fangs grazed my skin Kaizen did this with controlled precision A hair more and he'd bite my mark spot, and that sensation made me want him too.
And something else.
He looked good in such a formal suit, the crimson initialed cufflinks, black tie and dark cherry shirt  but I wanted to rip it off.. He kneaded my breasts, and I arched my neck.
"You're even sexier when you're horny." He chuckled. "Let's go before I rip that dress off."
"Take me to my surprise before I let you." I giggled. 
.He'd worked me up, and I knew my cheeks were as red as my hair. Now I knew why he was so frisky but before I could say anything about it, we were in I think Doobai.
This was a top floor, exclusive restaurant. I could see the desert stretch for miles, but below was a modern city.
We had to be at least a hundred stories up, in an elegant Michileen Star Restaurant, probably all Ten. Even though some of the patrons were shifted, I felt underdressed
I could see the individual weave-work of likely elvish tablecloths. The swirl pattern at the bottom was black, while the tablecloths were white. The floor was white marble, but there wasn't a single stain in sight Many of the staff had out bull horns, or satyr legs.
It made me wonder were they treated fairly, but their people are hard to read if they don't know someone. They don't trust others easily either, so if I asked I might not get a truthful answer. I also didn't want Kaizen to use his abilities. He even had his flames put away.
Many supernaturals were also in their suits, but in their true forms, even werewolves. They weren't in clothes, but there was a section dedicated for this. The ceiling was also at least 100 feet high to accommodate maybe a small dragon? There had to be at least a thousand feet of floorspace dedicated to such a large, ridiculous pocket realm 
"Is this a pocket realm?" I asked.
"Very perceptive. It's designed to fit a dragon lord." Said Kaizen.
The cooks were in their true forms, with the head chef . Most were elves, or dwarves I'd never seen those people before. Well, I have on TV,  however the head chef was a 6'5 fox on two legs. He had nine tails, being pure black. Purple flame balls were around his head in an arch, while his mate was pure white, with normal fire above hers.
.so in the words of the family group chat, they were hot shit.
Unlike Pergatory's Plate with Gabin Ramzy, the chefs were quiet. They chopped and fried or whatever in professional silence, with only the occasional announcement at normal speaking volume
###chapter 137
Willow 
I could tell that I'd been taken to possibly the most expensive supernatural fine dining restaurant he could book I knew he probably didn't even pay money for it either, because with them, money only holds so much value.
Honestly the chef looked like a normal fox except the hands. They were like a shifted lycan's, but he chopped carrots so finely that I could see light through them.
He took two sniffs.
"They're Here!" my trainer beamed. I doubt I'd be able to meet him right Now, but he's supposed to see us this week. I was told teleportation magic is honestly reserved for only a select few. Even a mile away can tank most other people's energy.
Kaizen was kneeled to those who sat bowed their heads so low that their noses touched the table, and a waiter with black ram's horns rushed to seat us. So he was a goat-minotaur by how massive he was. Rare. I heard most times goat half-beasts are satyr. I saw them. They all had their legs out.
"This way young master." Bowed the bull smelling waiter. His nose ring had Scales on them.
I wonder if he was a worshiper of Xaxas. He has a few, but I get it I mean. He *is* a god I'm sure he does *some* god stuff to have followers. Right?
"Xaxas is popular because he rules this planet. He's also pretty reasonable. He allows freedom and life so long as nobody's disrupting the balance." Said Kaizen once we were seated.
"If you had to pic-"
"Grandma." He blurted firmly. "Her realm's nice and she's nice. Everyone else's realm is a part of Hell proper."
". The master saved me." Said the minotaur. Now that I think of it. I bet his dad's a demon.
"Now I *need* to hear this." Said Kaizen. "Speak half demon."
"I I always suspected that." He mumbled. "During the war the Church got ahold of me, and it just so happened that the Realm King passed through." He paused. "I was on the RingThey sang as they burned me I screamed as it engulfed my hooves Even to this day, I hold no fur on the end of my tail."
"So it's a whip." Said Kaizen.
"Ay master but I'm grateful. Nobody else was coming to save me and I KNOW I was only saved by circumstance  Lord Xaxas killed the priests and fucked the priestesses, but he let me live." He showed us his tattoo. 
"Sounds about right." Kaizen rolled his eyes.
"I vowed my loyalty, and he gave me his protection He doesn't remember me, I know that. I was an afterthought Heh, I distinctly remember being kicked in the face by the Beast Prince since I kneeled in the way but he is who I sacrifice my Thankful Day turkey to Should you ever have need of me sire, I am Ebonhorn the Flayer, though I do not know my father's line master." We were handed menus with a bow, and the minotaur left.
His story didn't paint Xaxas as a hero or anything it made me see him in a bit of a different light  He's kinder than he realizes, because he didn't have to take Ebonhorn off the Ring.
"I saw your memories mortal. I think I might be able to find out your lineage."
"Thank you master."
"Thank your father." Kaizen said thinking out loud. "I'll ask and see if anyone knows a demon with the title of Flayer." Mumbled Kaizen. "Demons only pass titles when they're strong enough to lead a battalion."
"You're a good person Kaizen."
"I'm not. He's one of the fold. It's my job to make sure our people don't suffer." He said putting his hands on mine. 
The scent of meat made my stomach growl. His too.
"I guess we should order?" My mate kissed my hand.
"I guess? I don't know what I want." I looked around. 
It seemed any dish to come to mind was available here. Shifting was allowed too, so even large shifters and trolls could sit in their own special area and enjoy a roasted cow with their mates.
There was even a brown dragon shifted. He didn't have arms though, only wings and legs. He had a cow leg, though it was sliced paper thin, and he dipped his meat in boiling soup on a stove neat. Hot Pot sounded awesome And it's something we can both have.
"This place is really nice." I mentioned. "Do you want to do that?" I asked referring to the dragon, happily dipping the bones in now. The cauldron placed in front of him had to be made to feed 20 people he was about 30 feet tall sitting.. This place was designed for supernaturals top to bottom.
"I've never tried that before either. I bet it's tender." He said waving his hand. 
"My lord." Said Ebonhorn with a bow.
Why did I want to take him with us? I'll swing it by Kaizen later.
"We'll have what that wyvern's having. Non-mortal meats only though."
"Ah yes, the sampler. Our most popular dish sir. The broth is brewed for 3 days, infused with mana crystals from the In-Between. Would you like white or black magic infusions?"
"Black." We both said at the same time.
"Oh, and I would love to add a bottle of Witches' Brew: Toil n' Trouble." Said Kaizen. That one was their wine selection. Neither of us had had it yet.
"Right away sir." Ebonhorn bowed leaving.
"Now this is hard." He held both my hands, trying to think of his words.
"What is?" I asked a little cluelessly.
".I am only the wolf Willow. I'm sorry I'm not the man you wished for."
"Wha-" He cut me off.
"You mean too much. Please, let me finish before I chicken out." He huffed.
"Alright."
"I want you to feel special"
"I do though" I looked away. The ring on my finger was worth more money than I'd ever *imagine* on my hand yet it even shifts with me, becoming a bracelet I have a husband and children good ones I almost felt guilty that I didn't want more
"No you don't." He huffed. "For metrips are only places outside my territory Clothes are only raiment cars are tin cans that roll food is meat to be consumed. Money is paper. Like, I'm already over losing the car." He sighed. "I'm Simple But those things *do* mean things to humans. I wanted to take you Below for a vacation not just for fun, and not to make you feel like a damn pup factory I don't want you to feel like you're with some big dumb meathead either, or a dog chasing tail." He huffed. 
He got some of the shifter's attention that was a really Really rude thing to say in public, but he never cares about that kind of thing.
"Kaizen I don't think any of that." I held both his hands.
"I don't even know what I'm trying to say."
"Do you think I thought you were serious?" I asked in confusion.
"Yeah"
I reassured him by squeezing both his hands. "I. I've been a fox for a little while now and I understand. I really do Last night at first, I was upset because this is hard." I admitted. "I love our pups, but More twins maybe even triplets  4 or 5 pups sound like a lot.."
I'm a fox shifterbut that isn't the part that makes me say that.. Twins run in my family too. My dad's a twin. Kaizen's a triplet Five pups, all only a little bit apart in age some weened and more nursing I got scared. 
"Every pup we have is a blessing Willow but I've been thinking. The boys would do good at day care."
"But they can't raise them like we can!" I said defensively.
"No, but you deserve a fucking break too." He said firmly. "If that bothers you *that* much. I Know dad's itching to watch them with Lustros and Zolotos."
I didn't think about that "I I don't mind that."
"Anything for you little mate." He said truthfully. "Anything. I had a whole trip planned for Below, just the two of us for a month, but this is better."
The way he said it yesterday made me think that the festival was the Only thing he wanted to do not spend time together not have a break from managing a pack, twins, and figuring out magic.
I'd like that  but After their festival. I get what he was trying to do. He wanted to spend time with me, but if he wanted that, he didn't have to spend a fortune.
I felt guilty.
"I bet you paid in blood for this." I mumbled. He nodded. "Lady Moon Kaizen." I kissed him gently from across the table. For some reason it reminded me of the day we completed the bond Since that moment every touch, kiss, and hug feel almost new.
"You're my mate Whatever you want, even a wish I'll grant it." He smiled softly.
"I only have the one wish Kaizen, but it's stupid." I looked away.
I know what they said and if I ask he'll do it.
If I think it he'll try.
"I'm listening." He encouraged. "I already know but words hold power. You must speak your wish not just hold it in your heart."
"I won't. Bryson already kind of granted it." I mumbled.
"Well, you can't wish for the same thing twice, so I assume you want the boys to see them." He said with a soft smile. I could feel his warmth. "I could take them. Arviel would let mebut what of their lives?" He asked this honestly.
"I won't do that to them." I looked down. "It would be easy to do it but it's also abhorrently selfish. They could be here with the sibling I never met in an instantThey could be turned if anyone has an issue too but what of their lives?" I asked more myself than anything. "But if I had to wish for anything. It would be that we find a way to make it work." I smiled.
"I can do that but it won't be for a while.." He said pressing his forehead to mine, but his stomach also growled.
"What would happen if I wished we had food?" I asked as a joke.
"It would appear, but the chefs would be tired." He smiled.
For us, all Kaizen had to do was raise his hand ever so slightly, and they bowed as they served us It's times like this, that I'm reminded that he's a Prince of Shifters, not just an Alpha.
###chapter 138
Kaizen
Three days passed I couldn't figure out how to go about this.
That wish was harder than she realized.
The sun wasn't up. It was only 4am, but we're nocturnal. 
Trying to break some of those habits for the boys will aid them later. They have to go to school in a few years. Plus, the pack runs on mortal time. I'd finished patrol, and rested in just some sweats, while she hummed.
It was a sweet little melody that they sing in their Churches When I closed my eyes I could almost see the cathedral in Bison. It's so old and grand 
Human architecture is beautiful It almost makes me wonder I wonder how humans live on worlds where they aren't food 
That's what's going to happen if I bring her parents here
The Ghoul population has Skyrocketed. This is one of the rare places they may live Wendigo, Skinwalkers, and lampreymen are in the lake with the skin lickers, a kind of racconlike creature that honestly only wants the skin the lamprey and hagfishmen do the rest.
Xaxas even asked to dump his creepy ass moving statue here. It looks like just a pillar That's it. A tall rock if you will. If you break eye contact, it wears you. It puts humans on like a hoodie and walks around until it rots, or a priest breaks it *and that's temporary.*
That damn thing belongs in Hell! I hate it. I hate it so much!
so no humans.
It would be Wrong to force everyone else to accommodate them. This is supposed to be their sanctuary guaranteed mortal free, except the demi-realm that emits no scent, heartbeats, nor mortal indication that humans are there at All.
But it must be saidShe gave a wish that I have No idea How to go about answering  They *already* made a ruling on this I have to be careful with Harmony with pup I might be able to but I don't know.
I didn't know how to go about this. They belong to the Light Court
Her mortal parents are the problem. I just can't show up, and take them Well, I *could*, but it'd piss off Arviel. He isn't letting those souls go.
Her father is basically a priest. And her uncle Is proper.
Willow petted my hair she sang it almost like the A'deL song Easy With Us, since she can draw out her notes. The pups were half asleep on my chest, and I listened. 
"You make it easy.
You make it easy to love you.
Every day is a dream
Every night you're my every'thing" 
She paused.
"Why'd you stop?" I asked, while the boys yawned.
".I" 
I sat up. "You don't have to keep going." I smiled gently.
"The next part is 'Under the Sun, I love you hun, but..." She burst into tears.
"Awe." I said as the boys wanted to try and console her too. 
"It good mama." Said Ari. They sweetly tried snuggling her. Our kids, despite the horns, are good hearted. He didn't quite know how to say 'it'll be alright' but we both figured it out.
"Want Grandpa." Said Vex He was too small to Really understand Why he wanted the Horned One 
But alsoThat's not a bad idea but if they ask, I'm sure the Horned One will be pissed that I sent my boys to do a man's job.
"Go to bed boys. Your papa can help mommie." I said as they more or less went to bed. It's hard to make them go now, since they're so excited but the room became a little cooler and more relaxing.
Oddly enough that felt like dad's magic. Good to know that he's trying out more stuff.
"So what's papa's plan?" She asked with a slight smile.
"This." I said about to raise my voice slightly. Eternya was busy, so I put in a request for Kusare to come by. "Rotted One, I summon you."
I'm glad Willow didn't say anything, but that did kinda remind me of Pickamon.
He's not fucking Ponkachewy
"Master?" He asked politely. When he bows his segments click. Of all Xaxas's generals That is his true 1st general He didn't give Asanguis a rank during the war, making him his steed but Kusare. He's an *old* monster.
One that makes even my skin crawl 
His human form is probably just as handsome, if not more than Eternya, and he holds probably about as much charm, being naturally quiet. Patient. He is naturally beautiful, having green hair and yellow eyes. His Japanese appearance reminds me of a famous actor or two, however, his beast form is beastly.
He becomes a giant hybrid monster. A third is centipede, a third is wasp and a third is spider He can also burst into millions of himself, or be one big one. The more he divides, the smaller he gets.
His favorite thing is crawling into ears and injecting his stinger pretty much directly into the brain. 
People forget that Xaxas was a fucking problem By Harmony, he is content Through Willow, so am I.
"I know little of children. But I will protect this place." He said with a light chitter. Willow *hated it* but as one born the wolf, and someone who knew him personally, I knew it wasn't hostile.
"Just wake flora. She's next door." I said shaking my head.
"Ah yes, the mortal with the frying pan." He chuckled. "I got it."
"We need to  go Below for this I can go by myse-"
"Kaizen I wouldn't leave you alone to ask for *my* parents." She said this so firmly, that I could feel her powers activate. She doesn't know fully *how* to teleport with fox magic yet, so we didn't actually go anywhere, but I took her. Fuck fest be damned. This was way more important.
"Than we really do need to see Xaxas This is an affair for the Realm King." I mumbled.
"YouYou don't have to do anything." She said looking me in the eyes they were so pleading she only lied to herself. "I can handle it."
". With tears like that I Must." I said firmly.
I won't have her upset like that. 
.Gods there was so much sex all around that that was the only scent in the air.  But this was Layer 1. It mostly smells like Urth here.
The center of his altar had a grand canopy bed. The black veil was closed, and I could see Harmony was asleep under heavy blankets, while Xaxas sat on his throne. He was naked, judging souls everyone was except us. We were the ones getting weird looks.
But right now is probably the *best* time to ask a favor the mood's high, and everyone's drunk off the fest and actual alcohol. There were venders at the fringes of the stone yelling about their wares.
Why weren't we ripping our clothes off.
"The air only affects willing participants." Said Xaxas. "That and I know you come for something serious."
We both bowed our heads.
"I come on behalf of my mate." I said, being permitted to rise.
"Then she can tell me herself." He said resting his knuckles on his cheeks. A towel was summoned over his junk, for her sake.
"Kaizen heard how much I miss my parents." She mumbled.
"That's natural."
".So. so is the desire to be with them. Master." She paused. She's a fox in his throne room, not a sassy mortal. She looked at her hands, intimidated by his gaze.
In here, we are not his niece and nephew. In here we are subjects.
"Go on." He motioned her.
"I miss them." She cried in her hands. "I got a sister I'll never meet! My mom, dad, and uncle are JUST three people I I thought that goodbye was enough I thought I had enough. I feel so selfish."
"That sounds *pretty* mortal." He said with a light smile. This amused him, but such a good mood usually brings better rulings than him outright dismissing us.
They'd already had their ruling
Compensation was already given in the form of them giving her mother another girl.
I held her He was nice enough to allow me to give her a moment to mourn. I held her I held her close as tears rolled down my bare chest If I have to turn them. I would. It would piss Arviel RIGHT off to lose a priest, and a decan and the two mortal females, but I Would for her
"So what do you *want?*" he asked. "You, who are mated to the blood of my brother's blood. You hold rank and weight in this room. Wife of 1st General Kaizen. Speak your desire here."
"I want my human family." She cried in my arms.
"Then go to them." He said simply.
It can't be that simple.
".If I fail. They will die." She said so quietly that it was hard to hear her over the festival. I wonder did he give her that clairvoyance or did she figure it out, because I hadn't. "Humans can't know we're real."
"Bingo."
"If I go there and they say no you'll kill them."
"They'll be deleted." He said as if he spoke of weather. "If they disrespect the wife of General Kaizen, they disrespect Father."
"I don't think-" I was cut off
Xaxas teleported behind me, and put a clawed hand on my shoulder. As his true form, I am small it reminds me of my place.
"What's wrong? You don't trust your wife lil' buddy?" Asked Xaxas. He leaned into my ear after my mate vanished. "Have a little faith."
###chapter 139
Willow
Poof
"Good luck kid." I heard on the wind.
I. I was in my old car Holy shit. I looked at my hands, and hair and eyes in the mirror
I couldn't summon my claws or fangs.
A black scroll with glowing red letters appeared in my hands and a sticker of the Scales it radiated magic
'You're outside the border of your hometown. Today is everyone's day off too.
Objective: Convince family to be silent, and you may visit as you please. 
The sticker is to be placed inside a closet, bathroom, or garage upon acceptance. The makeup mirror will allow you to see the entirety of the property, thus insuring any later visit is safe. Should they knock on the wall three times, a bell will ring on the Misfit side, requesting you.
Conditions:
>Mortal (Willow) is unable to display supernatural abilities. This is a faith-based trust exercise.
>Mortal family members will see *more* the more they believe. Any mortals who already somewhat will initially start out unable to see as well.
>Mortals must all agree.
>Mortals who disagree will be claimed and collected by Gulteer the True Witch King, The Darkened One, The First Witch, and his familiar Zeh'Kahrraam, the First Demon.
>Do not interact with any other mortals.
>All mortals who see the wife of the 1st General must accept your request within the house, or they will be deleted.
Deleted?
I paused *deleted*. So not only will I never see them again they won't exist.
>All parties will also be deleted should one speak to someone outside of the house. Any mortal memory not of the 1st General, or his mate's bloodline will be erased.
>Example: Willow visits and a family friend comes over. They will not remember she is dead, and carry on and have a nice time. However, when they leave, they will not remember she was at the house.<
> **NO contact outside the house. No contact with electronic devices**<
>Gulteer has full authority to do with them as he pleases if *he* feels they disrespect you.
"I feel so useful today." 
"AH!"
"Sorry." Said I guess the Witch King?! "I'm Gulteer." He bowed his head, resisting the urge to giggle at me. "I run the master's magic department. I specialize in all schools of magic, except god's magic I'm banned." He grunted.
He was gray skinned, and had black hair in a tight man bun. He was so pale I thought he was a vampire He had claws, and red eyes the whites of them were black like when Kaizen shows his true appearance but he didn't relax his. It seemed like light was stolen as he sat there.
"I'm Willow Kaizen's mate." I mumbled. "I assume they won't be able to see you but my dad's a decan. Uncle Clarence is a priest, but Father Macky is the one who runs the church. Uncle's more of an assistant for his assistant." I said honestly.
Father Macky has 13 tattoo in gothic font on his neck, not the Roman number brand like some of the other priests I've met now that I'm a kitsune. The Church of the Sun has many ###chapters, however, I think the hunting was universal.
I I drove around
I'm a coward.
"You know the difference between cowardice and courageousness?" Said Gulteer casually. I shook my head "Cowards run and keep running. Courageous men do what needs to be done despite their fears."
"Dad used to say that I guess I needed to hear it." I mumbled.
"I am a father too"
"I didn't know that."
"I have had manymany children by my mate.Unfortunately many were lost in the war, or some were disobedient, but I love them all the same." He was quiet a moment, and I let him get his thoughts out. Despite his appearance, I knew he was an old man.  "I thank you. One of the things that I appreciate most about the master is that he values blood-ties. Ties made through battle ties made through service through pleasing him. One can *earn* this right He sees even a lowly High Priest as a child. I have never been mistreated, and I have never been forgotten, or pushed aside for another project."
I started heading to the house
"But I've done nothing"
"You birthed the very gifts who encouraged his eldest to Finally make godkin. It's what the master has wanted since the Realm King's return, yet he would never voice it, being King." Chuckled Gulteer. "You know he saw you cry. He wanted me to come because many of the other generals and upper ranks, like Haru for example, have children, but not from a *mate* You, daughter of the Horned One, may come to me, and ask anything of me. I'm never too busy, nor am I ever too far away."
He offered me a peppermint hard candy.
"Such a soft heart filled with kindness I can see why your parents lament your passing so. Is that your father?" He pointed at dad mowing the lawn 
Mom was reading a book with the curtains open holding my sister
"If I don't talk to them they won't have to die."
"But you'll never get closure, and you'll never be allowed to see them again not even when they die." He mumbled. "I think it best tactically, to move them to Misfit Your presence here marks them. All it will take is a disgruntled reject Rogue wolf to kill them, a half angel or demon who wants to make a name for themselves. A witch looking to change gods a zealot who finds out his daughter is married to one of the Dukes of Demons. that one is closer than you think with a boss like Father Macky hmm?" 
"How do you know so much. We just met."
"And I've seen your entire life story, from first memory until yesterday. I'm the Hight Priest of your master. I have access to spells that would literally make your mind jelly if you knew they existed." He said getting out the car as Soon as I parked!
I needed more time!
This was TOO FAST!
Dad turned his head from the sound, not seeing Gulteer literally radiating darkness
and dad looked older He had more gray in his hair, and mom did too Worrying about me, and mourning me aged them And  and.
"He doesn't hear me either, not until they all say yes." Said Gulteer. "What parent wouldn't mourn the loss of their child dear? You'd have aged too if you were still human."
"I want to watch." Said Asanguis. "I won't let you shred them. You will kill them, and nothing more."
"Yes master." He bowed his head.
"Also, your family holds my direct protection. Should any figure it out without them talking, I will handle it myself." He hissed. "I dare a mortal to lay hands on my niece's pets." They aren't my pets, but I'll take what I can get
That glare could cut steel.
"Thank you Asanguis." I said wiping my eyes. He looked at my old car I could see the garage was open... It was originally there.
"Willow?" He said turning off the mower. "WILLOW!" he ran to the car, and mom's head snapped from her book.
Uncle Clarence, dad's twin, ran too. He smoked, so he was about three inches shorter, though they are identical. 
He was still in priest clothes since it was Saturday It was noon. Saturday mornings he cleans the church for Sunday and gets the lesson plans I made printed and ready if anyone needs any..
I couldn't I couldn't look at them as I cried.
What if they say no
I'd done this awful thing.
"I don't care how you're here. I don't care if it's another dream." Dad hugged me. "I missed you!"
"This isn't real." Said mom, holding my sister. She was really cute, having half black hair, half white.one green eye on the white side, and the other was obsidian. Xaxas did that.
"And Arviel." Added Asanguis. "Sorry." I think he apologized to Arviel. He said his name, so he appeared. I tried to ignore them. Looking at them or talking to them is going to make me seem insane.
"She can't respond, and I won't let them see me." Said the Lord of Light. "You bring light to my mortals. You have my blessing to do whatever this is."
Gulteer bowed his head. "She wishes merely to visit sire. As the High Priest of the Night Court, I am here to see this through."
"And I'm here to make sure if they die, they're taken to you. Father doesn't want them.." Said Asanguis.
"I missed you too." I said being herded inside. Asanguis and Gulteer walked behind me.
"..Willow what happened?" Asked Uncle Clarence.
"Here. Hold Angelica while I make us some tea." Mom put my little sister in my arms a human baby a normal, healthy one
.But I know my family. They'll be shocked but I doubt they will judge.
I had an idea.
###chapter 140
A/N: Again, thank you Teresa for your comment!!!! I had ALL this thinking it was ALREAD Y out!
Willow
"What is it?" Asked Asanguis, but I won't think it twice.
"ok" I said holding my little sister. "I have pups now."
"What?" said dad.
"Remember. Remember when we had our trip?" I asked. Mom sat down and let the kettle boil.
"Yeah." Said mom.
"We really did go up there and Drew and Amanda really are dead but I was spared."
"Why?" He asked.
"This." I showed them my mark. "I don't know if you can see it but we got attacked The things that go bump in the night are *real*.But one saved me because I'm his mate."
"They don't know what you're saying." Said Arviel.
"I don't see anything." said mom.
"Sorry. That's cheating." Chuckled Asanguis.
"Two points." Said Arviel. "Get seven more and you'll earn a Lia coin."
"That was a good idea." Said Gulteer. "Want some fried fingers Lord Asanguis? I finally fucking figured out how to make 'um" Crunch."
".Sigh" Said Arviel. "Those are sinner fingers, do as you please."
"I wouldn't dare offend you in your house." Said Gulteer. He bowed his head.
"I appreciate it. Despite what Uriel says, you're pretty pleasant." He cringed in disgust with their enthusiastic munching.
. They shared a bucket of fingers What the Fuck.
"Pass me the Soul Soda." Said Asanguis.  HellMart Brand liquid sinner in a can 
'Are you alright?" Asked mom.
*Crunch*
"Yeah just remembering it it's hard." I lied. Well.  Half lied 
"I I swear I thought I did but it vanished before I could make it out." Said Uncle Clarence, with rising suspicion.
I could work with that the more they believe the more they'll see.
"I did too. It looked like a circle I think?" mumbled dad. So that makes two.
"I'm not supposed to outright show you anything. not until you say yes. If you say no " I hesitated. I'm sure I can't outright mention Xaxas, Gulteer, or Asanguis "You won't even remember I came."
"That's heavy." Said dad.
"There's so much so much to show you, and so much will be overwhelming I'm not even human anymore." I was allowed to say it, because I can't prove it yet.
Everything I'm saying is BASELESS until they say yes, or I can prove it.
The kettle whistled, and I rocked my little sister other than the odd hair and eyes, she looked like I did in all my baby photos
"You've been through a lot" Said mom. "You escaped. You escaped my little girl."
"Mom I didn't escape anything. I'm married." I showed them my ring. "Those are purple diamonds." A color that doesn't really happen "I had twin boys Vex and Ari"
"We'll find out how to get them back." Said Clarance. "I have a few favors I can pull at the Church. I can-"
"I'm alright." I interrupted, passing my sister back. "Before anyone gets too heated. I need to say this next part first. Don't say 'yes' or 'no' please not until you've made up your minds on what I came to ask. And it must be unanimous."  Well, except for the baby. I'm sure she's already getting her fate changed to have a mate
"I say we should all be smart about it, and let her speak." Said dad, while Asanguis nodded.
"Thank you I... the attack was real we were in the woods, and they were drunk. We were having a good time" I saw flashes of what happened "Fuck..Seeing Drew be ripped in half was so visceral so carnal So.. So unreal." I mumbled. Arviel put a gentle hand on my shoulder I didn't expect that... 
"I hate that I lost you, you know." Said Arviel. There is comfort that comes with his touch.
"Fuck it. Werewolves and monsters are Real."
"I Knew It." Said my uncle. "I KNEW those bodies were too ripped up to be Just a bear!"
"You're right but this is so fantastical." Mom mumbled. "I kind of got what you were saying earlier, but"
"I think you just need some rest." Said my dad. "But I believe her. Some Monster did get you, and kept you locked upforced you to have babies and call them puppies Willow, you can tell us the truth. You don't have to make up stories."
"Maybe that's the only way she can make sense of it" said mom. "But I don't get it how'd she get her car? It was in the garage."
"Wait.I saw it appear." Dad stood. I guess enough doubt was in his heart to make him remember.
Xaxas did that on purpose to help me. I need to thank him for that. Doubt and suspicion from Nothing is HARD.
"They really are. My husband is one of them. He saved me, even becoming a fugitive for his people for it and was pardoned by their king. There's a whole other world literally IN this town I can't leave this house. I asked to bring you home, but unlimited visits is better I asked because I can't Take it that I'm having a nice life and you'll never see how wonderful it is.But I didn't think it write I Rip all of you from your lives"
" But where is he?" Asked dad. ". And how were you in your old car?"
"Magic is real too. Hey Asanguis, can you hold this?" I gave him a cup of tea, and they saw it vanish.
*magic!*
"Damn It!" He laughed. "Well done mortal!"
"Way to go kid!" Said Xaxas. He shook Asanguis's shoulder. "I told you she could do it!"
A coin with Arviel and Lia's face on one side, and the Sun's crest on the other appeared in my hands. They were allowed to see that, but not them.
"I think you earned a full 10 points." Arviel vanished, keeping himself hidden. 
"Well Played Willow." Said Xaxas with a single clap, but he didn't reveal himself either . Not yet.
None of them said 'yes' but that agreement is in the bag!
 "Why's the Horned One and the Moon Goddess symbol on your neck.. What did you get involved with?!" Asked Clarence.
"Put the phone down." Said dad. "Mack won't let her explain He's been itching his whole life to use the Ring."
"What do you mean *waiting?*" Said Clarence. "I clean the- OH MY LIGHT I CLEAN THE ASHES!" He realized "SOMETIMES I FIND CLAWS! SOMETIMES IT'S FUCKING ANIMAL TEETH!"
"WHAT?!" yelled dad.
"Oh my gods Willow you can never go outside ok?!! We can hide you in the cellar We can-" I cut my uncle off.
"That's why I came." I repeated. "If you say yes, I can come visit as long as I want so long as I don't leave the yard the boys and my ma-husband too."
" no. I feel like if we say 'no', they'll kill us." Said my uncle. "You know the tenets The prayers the hymns 'Suffer no witch' I'm sure 'suffer no human' was taught."
"It kind of was." Said Gulteer.
"Shh! This is Good!" Huffed Asanguis.
".All not marked by the master . Are fodder." I mumbled. "They run this world I met him... the Realm King. Xaxas is Real too."
They were quiet.
"I don't care." Said my uncle. "I can't go back to thinking you're dead. It hurts too much. I You're the daughter I never had. I can't."
"I can't either. For my girls." Said dad. "I won't risk anyone getting hurt because I'm stubborn. I don't understand but I have my formally baby back." He said as a joke.
I could tell Asanguis made them state *why* they said yes too I assume if they didn't like the reason this might not work either.
". I will to." Said mom. "I can't bare knowing I'll never see my grandchildren or my child."
"AH!" they all screamed. The moment they agreed, Gulteer appeared, and my eyes became foxlike. I could feel it.
"The whites of your eyes are black." Said mom.
"Are you a fox girl?" Asked my uncle. ". Now I feel bad about my taxidermy collection."
He had a joke stuffed squirrel
"I turn into a Horned Kitsune. But I don't know anything yet. My trainer got into town this week, but classes start Monday." I said thinking out loud.
"Which one is your husband?" asked dad.
"I'm Kaizen's uncle." Said Asanguis.
"And I'm his subordinate." Said Gulteer. "I am Gulteer, High Priest of the Horned One. The First Witch."
"I am Asanguis, the Lord of the Dead. Had you said no, I would have made sure you were reaped *responsibly*."
###chapter 141
Willow
They looked. Pretty shocked. They were being thrown into this like I was.
:Oh by the way, everything you know is a half lie, and supernatural creatures and Roman gods just walk around and have demigods *everywhere.* Don't sneeze, you'll run into a love child of Arviel.;
I thought this sarcastically, and Gulteer snorted a laugh. Asanguis remained professional. And honestly, I'm sure a goat horned, red eyed snake man that's 11 feet tall is pretty scary. He sat cross legged on the floor, relaxing his small form and visage to be true.
"You're *Asanguis?*" asked my uncle. "Her husband is Death's nephew?"
He asked them more to himself than Asanguis, but he did smile a bit.
"Yes." He said with reptilian eyes. He was in his full outfit, scythe included It couldn't be denied that he's sculpted on the walls, and in paintings. Anywhere you could imagine imagery for hell. Xaxas standing on Asanguis's nose, or Asanguis in mortal form is standing in front of them. So I could get the double-take. 
"And again, I am the High Priest of the Night Court. Drink of my blood, and you will become a witch."
"That is unauthorized; you will make trouble with father and Arviel."
"I only offer my lord." Bowed Gulteer. Asanguis sighed. That was enough to make Gulteer bow a little lower before rising.
"He already said he didn't *want* to give up *more* of this bloodline." Hissed Asanguis. "Sorry." He summoned a purple Alligatoraid. "Your house's holy protection is making my throat dry." He complained.
"Willow *what* did you get into?!" Dad asked with concern.
"I told you it was weird!" I yelled. 
"I'm only here to ensure my father's High Priest brings you no harm." Said Asanguis casually.
"I would have culled them painlessly! I wouldn't spark the little master's wrath!" Gulteer complained. "Plus if he's anything like lord Tyson, I'll *kindly* pass."
They both snorted a laugh.
"Little Uriel." Giggled Asanguis.
"HA! Master that's *really-Really mean.* I'm telling the master." He said like a little kid about to tattle.
"I just came up with that one too. I'm texting Bryson." Asanguis excitedly did so, and there was a message back. "He's mad." 
"But the youngest master is *always* mad." Complained Gulteer.
"That's what makes it funny." Said Asanguis with a light smile. "I only do it for the giggles, as you mortals say."
"Is Tyson just a stick in the mud All The Time?" I asked.
"He's a boulder in a trench." Said Gulteer with a light smile.
"Damn I'm using that one too." Said Asanguis. "And I thought 'The Great Zealot' was bad"
"Or 'The Mighty Jackass'." Chuckled Gulteer. "Lady Grace's words."
"Figures." Me and Asanguis said at the same time.
"Who's Tyson?" Asked mom.
"My husband's identical twin." I beamed. "Tyson he's really a stickler for rules because he's the King of Shifters, but Kaizen is a prince." I say as if that's something normal.
The three looked at each other.
"Alright. conditions are met." Said Xaxas Directly behind me.
We all screamed except Asanguis and Gulteer.
Xaxas revealed himself. He was so large he had to sit on the floor cross legged in the living room next to Asanguis. 
"I am Xaxas, Eldest Son of the Horned One."
*Now they looked Extra concerned.*
"He's also Kaizen's uncle." I mumbled.
"HOW MANY KIDS DOES THE HORNED ONE HAVE?" Screamed Clarence.
"Three." Said Xaxas grinning. "Damn, wait 'til they find out all of us have kids too." He snickered. "It used to be just me, now father has 3 children, and 9 grandchildren."
"They won't know about Bryson." Said Asanguis. "Brother you miss this." He reached out, and pulled Bryson out from nothing.
"What the Fuck?! Why are her parents here,? Willow what are these bums up to?" He asked with crossed arms. "Do you need me to make them leave?" He hissed.
"I didn't even *DO* nothing!" Yelled Xaxas like a little kid, and I laughed.
"Yeah yeah, you Will." He complained. "I'm Bryson, Lord of Justice." He shook my father's wrist. "I'm the one responsible for the group dreams."
"I assume then that this was never going to happen." Said dad.
"No; you wished for this didn't you?" Said Bryson to be fair he feels like dad.
"I did." I said honestly, while my uncle still trying to wrap his head around all this.
But Who Wouldn't 
They were having a normal day, and their dead kid comes back from the grave with gods and the Witch King.
"Oh ok, we're just summoning gods now like Pickamon. " Mumbled Uncle Clarance, and he got a chortle out of the God of Judgment. "Like there goes the planet."
"Awe man, I *just* got caught up with Two Pieces." I said sarcastically.
Why did my parents look at Clarance like *he* could stop the Realm King singlehandedly?!
"What the fuck do you expect *me* to do?!" my uncle motioned Xaxas. "We're *fucked*."
"I mean no harm mortal." He said holding a laugh by putting his fist to his lips. "She's my niece; I'll not lay claws on her blood, provided that you don't blab."
".So do I need my holy water?" Uncle Clarance fumbled in his robes and Xaxas rolled his eyes.
"That's not a ride you're tall enough for. Sit down." Xaxas waggled a finger, and my uncle was seated with magic... "I get it, I get it. I *am* the villain mortals paint on your walls and I *have* *allegedly* destroyed the realm." He said that as a joke.
"Allegedly?" Said Bryson with a raised brow. "You've cursed people for not grilling your grilled cheese long enough."
"You Said you Wouldn't Snitch!" He hissed. " and I replaced their stupid teeth."
"Uh-huh *allegedly* young master." Giggled Gulteer. "I'm using that the first chance I get."
"That's your right as a Sovereign Citizen." Chimed in Asanguis.
"Ha, so I'm above the law now? Let me go on ahead and crank my broom's speed to 850mph." He giggled.
"Oh stop." I giggled. "It can't go *that* fast! They max out at 250!"
I only knew that from Elinore.
"I'm going to break the sound barrier while playing the loudest song I can find."
We four snickered.
"You see why I have pardoned this world." He said that part seriously. "This world pleases me too much to part with it. Through the protection of Sanctuary, the protection of the Night Court, AND the permission from the Light Court, I hereby deem this house a supernatural waypoint."
"Thank you!" I jumped and hugged his neck. It wasn't official until he said so.
"Watch the merchandise." He chuckled. "Because of You I have my whelplings. Because of my nephew this world is Sanctuary the War is over. There is Peace." He let that sink in. "My mother is free, and my father as a gift takes his claws off this world. This visit wouldn't be possible until now." He picked me up under my armpits and put me on the couch. "Now where was I? Oh yeah. Her visitation is one way because the other side holds man eaters."
"Oh." Said mom.
"That's partly why she was turned. If you want to live over there, I mean, I'm not *against* turning you, but I'm sure you Want to stay Light marked." Said Xaxas.
"Arviel even denied mother the right to make Angelica a mate." Said Bryson. "And he's right, taking that many for nothing is cheating."
"It is, but I didn't say that I wouldn't trade him someone like. Hmm Tamriel's wife? I'm sure the wife of an angel should be enough."
"Haven and Hell almost went to war for my eldest." Said Bryson. "Things are too fresh for fuck ups."
They all more or less agreed to that statement. Honestly, I did too. I know I'll see them age and die but death is just the beginning of their journey Above. It's Selfish to Force them to be in my world Below They won't get the favor and fortune I have *I'm* the one mated to a general.
"Only those of supernatural blood, or those mated to a supernatural may go through that door., IF you manage to get to her, you're human she's *not*. The ghouls will rip you apart after the vampires drain you, or the witches use you for experimentation."
He pointed to the little closet by the front door.
"Put the sticker on the back of the wall. She can visit whenever she likes. If you want her to come, knock three times on the sticker." He said smiling. "And I won't be taking your ability to talk about this, not even the child. Blab and the lot of you will break your oath, and belong to Hell. Well except the baby; she'll get *once* freebie. She's young; she'll be the one to likely talk."
"We won't tell anyone if it means I get to see my daughter and my grandchildren." Said mom.
"We already agreed to it" Said dad, while my uncle nodded his head.
"Go ahead dear." Said mom.
I hesitated, but it didn't take any effort. The moment I put that sticker in the wood, it burned into the wall. I could see the packhouse living room but no one seemed to notice me looking. It only activates with supernatural hands though
"Thank you Xaxas!" I resisted the urge to hug him. I'm pretty sure he won't like it.
"If not for you, I wouldn't have children of my own. I cannot allow one who holds my favor to shed tears." He said softly. He also made a portal. "Kaizen what the fuck are you doing? Hurry up and console your mate!"
With magic, I was put into the loving embrace of my mate and pups. The tears of joy were wiped by Kaizen, and he kissed my forehead softly.
"Sorry." He said looking me in the eyes.
"Mama!" Beamed Vex, jumping up as high as he could to lick the bottom of my chin. Both now wiggled like little goldfish.
"They talk." Mumbled dad.
"Yeah, they also chew everything too." Said Kaizen. "Sorry. I was going to get their baby bag and stuff, but I can just walk through the closet later right?"
"Yup." Said Xaxas. 
"Can I hold them?" Asked dad.
"I don't see why not." Said Kaizen. "If you want to pupsit, I need to hellfire-proof the house." He snapped his fingers. "My magic is Shit BUT. Wait that *is* right right?" He asked.
"It's right." Said the Three Princes at the same time.
###chapter 142
Willow
A few months passed and it seemed the boys went from maybe 2 pounds each to 40.  Kaizen told me that he didn't get his form until he was a teenager, but I had a Sneaking Suspicion that the Horned One was going to give them forms early.
After all he said *five* but didn't define if it was the *equivalent* to five or five *actual* years that followed the Sun not Hell or whatever
Harmony warned me about the words of gods, but if they really did become big boys, that would be fine.
The boys seemed to have a growth spirt. While Harmony was pregnant, they went from tiny to border collie sized.
The Horned One said they'll get their mortal forms at five but he didn't specify between five years, or the Equivalent to five but I don't mind. That they're mentally older, and might get their forms soon makes me happy. Harmony was 5 months along, and my pups they looked about ready to get a human shape.
It also means that they can play with the other kids their size and I don't feel so standoffish about sending them to daycare.
They didn't have hands, so Kaizen helped get them ready. I could hear him sing in there.
"Splish splash! Na-na-na na"
"Yay!" Beamed Ari I started recording. I wanted to catch this without him noticing.
Ari was done and on a towel, bouncing to the song, while Vex was miserable, still hating water. Magic held the blow dryer. That's cheating!... also I never thought to do that.
"Splish-Splash and you're all clean!" He chuckled. "Vexi boy, stop being mean."
"No!" Complained Vex. "I don't wanna be clean!" He barked.
"Stop trying to run!" he laughed, scrubbing our lil dirty boy who likes to dig in the mud!
"Mama!"
"Oh my gods." Kaizen rolled his eyes. "It's Just water. You're Fine!"
"MAMA!" Vex's complaint was loud, and unanswered. If I come now, he'll never learn that baths are GOOD and needed! "Mama save me! I don't wanna be clean! I wanna stay in the mud!"
"So, you *really* want to keep playing outside?" Said Kaizen. 
"YEAH!" They both beamed.
"I thought you wanted to go to the treat I had planned *but* the mud's more fun." He smiled softly.
"Treat?" They both asked at the same time. I was going to come in, but I trusted my mate...
".I have an idea and Willow's gonna kill me..." He sang, looking at the ceiling. ".A bath for grandpa's house."
He was right I Am gonna kill him! They were supposed to take a bath and go to day care today!
My son stood in the ankle high water for him The two debated, but grandpa's house, any one of them, meant playtime, not sitting in a classroom. And I don't know a puppy out there who doesn't want to play.
".ok." Vex huffed.
"Willow, I got the pups! Your trainer's here."
"Sweet!" I yelled behind him. I didn't teleport or anything; he just wasn't paying attention.
"AH!" He yelled.
"EE! I Got You!" I laughed.
I ran down the stairs.
There was a knock at the front door, and sure enough, the kitsune couple was here. They were proudly in their fox forms, but it wasn't one I would be able to have. I run on 4 legs like a normal fox, but I was told that because of my horns, I should be able to cast fox magic while shifted.
And I would very much like to not have another incident Shifting in the castle was embarrassing
"Come in!" I said summoning my textbook Fox Tricks, Licks, and Sticks. The name was weird, but it was catchy. So far this, and some basic forcefield stuff was all I'd gotten my hands on.
"No no, remember, today's test day!" beamed Mr. Red. His real name actually means a specific shade of red in autumn, but with his real name comes apparently a reputation in the supernatural community.
They were slow and methodical with my training. No shortcuts. Just old fashioned repetition, testing, and lectures. 
There are no fill in the blanks, nor worksheets either Each question must be answered in writing, using the correct key word. If I'm right, but leave out the terms or vocabulary I get NO credit.
Absolute Bullshit but they take this as seriously as they take their restaurant.
\-----Kaizen----
I let her think she got me. She still thinks Way too loud.
But now it sounds like a distorted radio.
It'll help her confidence when she does her teleportation test. She doesn't know, but I'll see her here later today, and I'm supposed to give her a mortal item that smells of her parents to prove that she completed her task.
I had the kids. They were going to see their human grandparents today.
Why not?
By scent, and instinct, I could tell that this is likely the last week they will be pup-shaped.
I hadn't spoken with the Horned One, but I know he does this for their sake. I think? Talking wolves and being overloaded with our existence is probably a bit much.
I knocked on the closet. Her mother knocked back.
"DAD! DAD! CAN I TAKE MY SQUISHY?" beamed Ari Mr. Clarence gave my boys a teddy bear each. They were octopi; Ari's was the green one, and Vex's was the yellow.
They loved them, and were careful not to destroy them too
Fuck if I was a pup, those things would be *gone.* I was such a rotten lil bastard. Heh. There was nothing we didn't get into, half not knowing any better, half knowing that whatever it was would be fun.
"Sure." I said shaking my head.
"AHHHH!!!!!" yelled Vex, spinning, about to chase that tail. He already had his squishy.
"Thanks dad!" Beemed Ari.
"No problem boys. Let's go." I said shaking my head, heading downstairs to see my mate taking a test. She looked focused.
I would leave her alone, but for encouragement, I kissed her on the cheek. They ran down the stairs as fast as they could with those toys, and a small part of me already missed them being small. But this is for the best.
"Good job mama." Said Ari, getting pet on the head. My boys are good.
I'm getting flack in hell for not having them kill anything, eat souls, or roast humans already. I will teach them combat, but by their own morals they'll *choose* as I did to eat man's meat or not to do the work or not.
As generals, they can for the most part work Below in the castle. They don't *have* to fight since there is no war.
. They don't *have* to be killers. I'll train them when they're ready, and not a day sooner... If they choose to take life, it will be their choice to help. For now, let them be fucking children. Me and Slah-hesh'Rraa really got into it over this. So much so that the Pit sent a message from grandfather to stop.
I knocked on the closet three times again, and they knocked back; this time it was her father. With the coast clear, we hopped through, and her mom was with her baby girl.
"Sorry Willow didn't come this time. Her trainer's training her how to use fox magic." I said putting the updated care bag on the table. They didn't need bottles or baby supplies anymore, but more importantly, they were a little bigger.
I hate being out the territory with our pups, but I'm *the* biggest thing this side of the state Nothing will harm my sons, and with Xaxas's protection, none will harm the humans.
"Granma!" beamed Vex, being respectful and *not* jumping on her. He did jump on their couch, and pressed his nose to his aunt. "She smells like mama."
"Well 1Angelica *is* your auntie." Smiled Willow's mother. "Want to hear about your mama?"
"I do! I do!" they barked at the same time; it made little Willow giggle. Angelica scents like her sister before she became a fox.
All in this house are to remain mortal. I was going to give her a blessing, but father forbade it. Arviel wants this line left alone.
She really does smell like Willow too But we must respect the Light's wishes. Had the Horned One approved it, I'd have blessed her with health or something, nothing special. She looked healthy, and smiled reaching for Vex. I'll leave well enough alone. I went to speak with her father while they excitedly laid their heads on their grandma's lap.
They learned about how much of a shy kid she was. She was a good kid who didn't rock the boat, always well mannered and always with a smile.
I took this time to speak in the backyard with her father. So long as we don't leave the yard, we're good.
"I see the horns and fire, and it still doesn't feel real." He mumbled, handing me a glass of lemonade. "Sorry, do you drink juice?"
"I do." I said leaving out that it's usually when I'm doing Tarteron Shots but *he* doesn't have to know that. I saw the broken swing set back here. "Did my mate use that?" I asked.
"Didn't you?" he asked.
"I was born like our boys but I was a teenager when I got flesh Like I know what they are, they're at our pack park and stuff, but I didn't get to use that growing up"
*I sensed my mate's approach.*
"Ah." I said rolling my eyes, but her father really did scream. It made my mouth water
*Shit.*
"You can fly; stop being a *baby.*" beamed Willow to the left of me. She thought the fear was for her but really it was because I see even her father as a walking hamburger when hungry
I can't help it! I hadn't eaten yet!
"Sorry dad this was my homework and I passed." She smiled. Can I get a paper towel that smells like home?"
I snapped my fingers and fixed her playset. I also summoned the paper towels. Her dad put his scent on it, by wiping his hands on it. 
"Thanks dad." She hugged him.
"Anytime. Go learn magic." He chuckled.
Willow vanished.
"She's coming along nicely as well." I commented, hearing my pups have zoomies, zipping past us now that the story was over.
"I don't know anything about it, but for her, I'll support her." He said looking at our sons. "She really is Night Marked"
"In our case, it isn't a bad thing." I said as he nodded. "She's not taken life, nor do I think she'd ever want to. She's still the same person just my wife."
"I've never seen her so happy either Kaizen." He said getting a stick, and tossing it for the boys to playfight over. "She damn near glows."
"I try to keep her happy. My moon rises and sets with  her" I mumbled. "Sometimes that's hard since I have no human part of me like other werewolves I'm all monster mated to a formally human."
"You may be a monster, but you're also a good man." Said her father.
If only he knew how many thousands of people I'd killed, and how I didn't give a single fuck.
###chapter 143
Willow
It was only darkness, yet I could hear commotion.
"Water." Asked a rasped, pitiful voice. "Anything for a glass. Please." Someone begged They begged weakly, as if it was all they could do. I felt awful hearing such a sorrowful wail.
"Quite Brutus!" Yelled  I think Noirnamu. "You did not cry out when you poisoned babies in their cribs. You did not lament killing the weak, You have committed so many crimes, your soul should be divvied up in multiple layers." He hissed. "Beat his maggot-eaten pelt harder. And you will see your folly."
"NO!"
"You will live as every victim. Every crime your hands did, you shall do it to yourself."
"PLEASE!"
His cries were ignored it seemed that was *worse* than being beaten.
"I want to see his marrow by the time I get back."
"Yes sir." Said someone.
 I believe that's the man who weaseled his way into the Royal Wolf Court, and killed kids.. He's where he belongs. Yet if I didn't know that, I bet I'd still feel sorry for him I could hear the pops of his lashing from wherever I was.
"Soften his flesh." He chuckled. "I think I'll take a tenderloin again.
"One day yet, I will toss your slimy soul in the Pit Dog. But not today. Not tomorrow. Whenever the masters become tired of you. Use the number 13 on 'em."
"AH!" yelled Brutus.
"Scream Dog!" He laughed. "Scream enough to hear on Repentance."
"My Legs!" he screamed. They *laughed.*
I don't know what layer this was. But I knew I wasn't 'dreaming'. 
I could smell the scent of freshly struck matchesand in the distance I could hear Screams yet. I couldn't really see anything. It was dark and hot, yet, I followed a pinkish white light.
With the blink of an eye, I was in front of a hole that I couldn't see an end too.
I could not see the bottom of it, nor could I see the other side. As far as the eye could see, was the engulfing blackness of nothing.
"Apythmenos!" I shouted. "Noirnamu?!"
"Oh dear, sorry love." Said Apythmenos. He had a half-eaten leg but I could tell that was the last of that sinner the Pit processes what he eats into energy. "I'll send you back. I assume you're here by accident."
"I am." I said honestly. "Thank you."
"It's no problem. But this is like my fourth time collecting you. You might want to look into a home stone under your pillow or something."
He snapped his fingers.
In a blink, I was in bed, but the yelling of my children made me jump out of it.
"MOM-MOM-MOM!" Screamed Vex, but his voice sounded more solid 
"IT FELL OFF!" Screamed Ari, at the Absolute Top of his Lungs.
They're Not Five Yet!
"What's Wrong!" I yelled teleporting with Kaizen, and we were instantly there to see
They were human shaped now. Gods they were cute.
"It's flesh." Said Kaizen behind me. "Zeiel'le tek ak layabin nel ef, de na."
"Me aken me tel de na!" Cried Ari, and Kaizen rolled his eyes.
"Sizi ma nek Na, Zaiseh."
"Ok what language was that?" I asked. "..and why did it feel like you said a whole paragraph?" I asked.
"I did; that's Lesser Godspeach. It's alright boys." He kneeled to their eye level, and put a clawed hand on each of their heads. "What fine little forms you have."
"My paws are all floppy. I hate it." Sniffled Ari.
"I didn't either, but when you're older you'll thank grandfather for the flesh." He chuckled. 
"It's gonna fall off!" complained Vexoh my gods.
"Wouldn't want to be only fur when your mate's flesh, right?"
"Yeah" they both more or less said holding hands The ones that touched were a different skin tone from the rest of them.
They were black, not chocolate skin, but demon black... like their grandfather, the Void King. I could see stars on those hands now that I looked a little harder. There was the symbol of the Horned One on the bottom of their left and right palms respectively.
I am grateful their uncle is the Realm King Had the Light ruled this world I know my boys, my mate, his siblings, nor his father would have held any peace
"It's good this world is Sanctuary. Do you remember what I taught you? Nali eh invizoz Nox hana sin ty areh." 
Their father he glowed red, and they three held hands. I didn't know what he cast, but their hands were the same shade as his. They held rich, but lightly toasted beige complexion, a *little* darker than their grandma, Eclipse.
"Invizoz." They both said, and the hands looked normal, but that wasn't a normal spell That was that language again, godspeach.
"And what did I tell you?" He asked.
"Never grab anyone, not even mama with this" Said Ari, holding up his right hand.
"Good. Your hand is a gift Don't ever lose it, or."
"Or we lose our powers." Said Vex.
"More like, you become half strength until you get it back." He said with a light smile. "And that will *hurt*."
"Yes papa." They said at the same time.
/They can blow up a state about the size of Rhand Island now./ Linked Kaizen.
/WHAT?!/ I linked back.
/Yeah, but that spell not only hides their powers, it also dampens them. I have the keys to the release spell until they turn 20. That's old enough./ 
"Dad. I don't like this." Said Vex. "I don't want to hurt mom."
I held my boys now. "You won't hurt me. Just be careful, and today you'll be with us."
"Actually. They're with me." Said Kaizen. It was implied that I was invited, and I took his hand. "Let me teach you both how to visit grandpa again."
"Grandpa says we can come anytime, not just danger!" Said Vex. They held no smiles, being only the wolf until this moment, but they were clearly happy with their tone.
"Yes, but he is the King of Hell. We don't bother Uncle Tyson, so it would also be rude to bother grandpa. Grandma's fine though. She wants you over." He shook his head.
We ended up in the throne room, and the boys ran straight to Lustrous. He looked exactly like his father, though he was somewhere between his parents' complexion now that I thought of it.
But there was a child there who didn't look like Tyson, Kaizen, Lustros, or my Boys. Not even Grace. He was a miniature Aureus.
Grace actually held Zolotos's shy hand, but when he figured out those were his cousins, he went to talk with them.
A man stood there in a black suit with gold trim. That had to be the wolf king. He had black hair and Firey eyes, though his expression was like my sons. Neutral, and wolfish.
"Grandfather." Said Kaizen. They pressed foreheads.
"I still remember when you pissed on my shoes." King Ashital chuckled.
There were Laughs, even by the Void King.
"I don't remember." Lied my mate.
"Wait are You're why there's puppy pads in the queen's chambers?!" I yelled.
"Grace too. She copied him." Pointed King Ashital.
"NO I DIDN'T HE PEED TWICE!"  She screamed.
"IT WAS LIKE ONE TIME!" Kaizen complained. "YOU TOTALLY DID! I Remember!"
"But *you* can't recall when *you* did it. I call Shenanigans!" Laughed Grace.
"Shut Up!"
"Shenanigans!!!"
"Slander!"
"Shenanigans Accepted. Kaizen you're lying." Grinned the Horned One. He rested his knuckles on his cheek, being fully entertained.
"But-"
"I remember fondly. There were Three puddles now that I think of it." King Ashital and the Horned One fist bumped.
"I remember watching that." Laughed the Horned One. "Ah, or when they first found out about shoelaces, then Grace got her head stuck in her father's boot. I fished you out."
"Or when hey chewed through the original throne's seat cushion, and got lost in the stuffing. Tyson." Said King Ash with a smile.
"I DON'T REMEMBER THAT!" Tyson yelled flustered. 
"We do." Said the Horned One. "This is amazing. Where are my sons?! Fetch them." He barked at no one, but I saw the Herold use it as an excuse to go to the human world.
"Or when you used to pull my hair." Said a beautiful woman with the Moon Goddess That had to be the original Queen.
"I remember that. All of you, even *you* did that Ash." She giggled.
The King looked a little deflated, while those two chuckled.
To be honest, I'd seen Queen Gwen, the Soul Mender in many paintings in the castle. She was as tall as Isabelle, Harmony, or Nixxia, however her eyes were an intense silver. They were silver coins with black dots, meaning her wolf's eyes are black.
Long, moon colored hair left a trail behind her, past her ankles. It spiraled in a waterfall of fluffy curls that rested overtop a long robe to keep the ends clean It was loose and brushed too. Most royal women would have so much hair in braids, however I wonder was that its own status symbol that it's SO long, yet managed.
\----Kaizen----
"Xaxashevaal, I choose You!" I pointed at him as if he were a Pikamon, and his sigh had fire.
"Do not enter my house so Loud little one." He played Blue Myth Woopkong while holding his mate Who was on her phone. Asanguis silently shot me a glare, though Nixxia was laying on him.
It was just a chill morning until I came in here with old memes.
"You're fine. Hey Kaizen." Harmony waved. I forgot she can hear me.
"Hey Harmony. My kids got their forms today. The Horned One wants to celebrateThe Pit was *supposed* to come straight here, but he went to the supermarket for a couple trays of sandwiches, cake, and candles."
"AH!" She screamed, getting off Xaxas to jump up and down with me. "Do they look like Lil yous?!"
"They do." I beamed.
"Let me shut this down." He said casually. 
"Let's go." Beamed Nixxia.
"Of course my love." Said Asanguis the man's smooth. I'm surprised of all the horned One's sons, that he's not the one with like 19 kids. "Oh whatever."
"Nah, you're the pretty one now." Said Xaxas. "I need to work on my dad bod."
Harmony facepalmed. "Just teleport, you big ham."