###Chapter 1 A Wedding Without the Groom
“Natalie, if you want your dear brother to live, marry that monster from the Windsor family for me! I and Adrian will bless your union!” Hailey Watson sneered at Natalie Watson.

Natalie Watson looked at Hailey Watson’s smug expression, feeling both heartbroken and angry.

They were half-sisters who shared the same father. Yet Hailey, green with envy over Natalie's beauty, never missed a chance to make Natalie's life hell.

Not only had Hailey seduced Natalie’s boyfriend, Adrian Harrington, but she had also slept with him.

What was more outrageous was that Hailey was threatening Natalie with the life of her little brother, Lucas Watson.

Lucas was Natalie’s beloved younger brother. They were very close, and six months ago, Lucas was diagnosed with leukemia, requiring a large sum for medical treatment.

Hailey threatened Natalie that if she did not marry Oliver Windsor in her stead, she would cut off the funding for Lucas’s treatment, essentially leaving him to die!

Rumor had it that Oliver Windsor was a hideous, sickly weirdo who never appeared in public.

Hailey’s forcing Natalie to marry Oliver was clearly meant to destroy her!

Natalie’s father was also aware of the situation but he condoned Hailey’s actions.

That was why Natalie was so heartbroken and angry.

Hailey was too cruel, not treating her and Lucas like family at all!

And their father! He was too biased, not caring at all about her and Lucas’s feelings.

But Natalie had no choice. If she didn’t marry Oliver, her brother Lucas would die!

Natalie turned to Hailey, “Fine, I agree. I will marry that monster Oliver, but you must keep your promise to fund my brother’s treatment and not go back on your word!”

Hailey sneered, "Deal."

Just then, seven silver Rolls-Royce wedding cars pulled into the Watson's place, ready to take Natalie to her wedding.

"Your ride is here. Go!" Hailey urged. The thought of Natalie marrying a hideous guy made her beam.

Hailey thought, 'The best way to torture a beauty is to make her marry a beast!'

With a heavy heart, Natalie lifted the hem of her wedding dress and got into the wedding car.

The procession made its way to Paykston's most renowned chapel, but the turnout was sparse.

As the cars pulled up, Natalie stepped out, met by the gazes of dozens, their eyes filled with mockery or disdain.

It seemed they were here for the spectacle, not to offer well-wishes.

After all, she was about to wed Oliver, the infamously unattractive man. The crowd was eager to check out how ugly was he and how terrified Natalie would be.

"Excuse me, hi. Where's Oliver?" Natalie looked around but didn't see Oliver, so she asked Collin Charles who had sent her here.

"Mr. Windsor has something to do, so he can't be here today," Collin said, his voice devoid of emotion.

Natalie was stunned. "What about the wedding then?"

"You're gonna have to proceed alone," Collin replied.

Natalie's expression turned sullen as she thought, "I'm gonna go through the wedding alone. That's absurd! Besides, what could possibly be more important than his own wedding? He must be doing it on purpose! Trying to humiliate me!"

The murmurs of the crowd grew into open sneers, their contempt for Natalie deepening.

Oliver's absence in such an important event spoke volumes. He was either too ashamed to show his face or didn't value Natalie, his bride, at all.

Either way, Natalie was the butt of everyone's jokes.

Listening to the jeers around her, Natalie felt utterly sad and ashamed. She wished that she could just run away, but she didn't have a choice.

For Lucas' sake, she had to swallow the humiliation and proceed with this ridiculous wedding all by herself...

Meanwhile, at All Night Club.

In a lavish private room, three dashing and wealthy men lounged on a sofa, sipping drinks.

A large screen inside displayed a live feed of Natalie in her wedding gown, navigating the ceremony by herself in the church.

Among the three young men, the one who was clad in a white shirt and black trousers was Isaac Black, Oliver's right-hand man and confidant. In his arms were two stunning ladies in sexy outfits.

Fixing his eyes on the screen, he turned to the aloof man beside him, saying, "Oliver, that woman on the screen is your bride, right? Damn, she's hot! Check out those long legs, the slim waist, and the booty! Is she a top international model or what?"

That was right, Oliver was watching at his own wedding live. Contrary to the rumors, he was nowhere near ugly. Among the three in the room, he was the finest, even hotter than a lots of Hollywood stars.

His features were so chiseled and striking that they could captivate any onlooker.

He glanced at Natalie on the screen. Then he turned to the smiling Isaac and said with a nonchalant shrug, "You like her? She's yours then."
###Chapter 2 The Mysterious Oliver
Startled, Isaac hastily waved his hands. "What the heck are you talking about? No, man! Oliver, she's your wife! You may not believe it, but I do have boundaries!"

Oliver lit a cigar and looked at the screen.

On the screen, Natalie looked somber, but she still stood out, as beautiful as an angel.

Most men would fall for her at first sight.

Yet Oliver was an exception. He seemed to find her quite displeasing.

Oliver was the third offspring of the Windsor family, twenty-five years old. He was supposed to become the head of the Windsor family, commanding a vast business empire. However, ten years ago, someone plotted against him and spread rumors that he was infirm, gradually undermining his power within the family.

He didn't care, though, for he had his own power.

After being conspired at the age of fifteen, Oliver began secretly cultivating his influence.

In just ten years, the RisingKing Group founded by him had developed rapidly and become one of the top three super-large enterprises in the world.

Isaac, one of Oliver's subordinates, was in charge of the entertainment division of the RisingKing Group.

Oliver never appeared in public. So, the outside world didn't know that he was the CEO of the RisingKing Group.

Even the Windsors had no clue.

After all, no one would associate the mysterious CEO of the RisingKing Group with a rumored ugly and sickly recluse.

Truth be told, Oliver didn't wanna get married, yet he was cornered by his grandma.

For her sake, he had to marry the Watson family's daughter, as it was what she wanted.

What bugged him most was that except for forcing him to get married, his grandma also wanted a great-grandkid within a year!

Whenever he thought of that, he always felt speechless. He thought, 'I can deal with marrying a woman I don't love. But to have a baby with her?

'No way!

'No fucking way!

'I know Natalie has been sent by Grandma to seduce me and to have a baby with me!

'That's why I resent Natalie so much that I didn't even go to the wedding.'

The more he thought about it, the angrier he became. He said, "Turn off the live stream. I don't wanna watch anymore!"

Isaac did as he said and asked curiously, "Oliver, if you hate her so much, why did you marry her?

"As far as I know, she's the Watson family's illegitimate daughter as well as the ex-girlfriend of Adrian, that idiot nephew of yours. You'll be laughed at if you've married her."

Oliver said nothing. He rubbed the bridge of his nose, looking very troubled.

Seeing Oliver so distressed, Isaac signaled to one of the sexy women next to him.

Understanding his cue, she stood up, revealing her slender, fair legs, and walked towards Oliver, wriggling her sexy booty seductively.

She walked over to Oliver and whispered in a sultry voice, "Handsome, need me to relax you? You know, I can do whatever you want, including a blowjob or whatever..."

Before she could finish, Oliver glared at her and said sternly, "Piss off!"

Frightened, she stumbled to the floor, not daring to come any closer.

Oliver's aura was overwhelmingly intimidating, and she feared that if she came one step closer to him, he would clutch her neck and throw her out!

Witnessing the whole thing, another man, who had been silent all this time, smiled, "Isaac, you don't know anything about Oliver, do you? Unlike you, he has never messed around with women, much less have casual sex with them."

The man was Wyatt Shaw, a close friend of both Oliver and Isaac.

Wyatt was handsome, too, but in a more refined manner compared to Oliver's stark fierceness.

Isaac rolled his eyes at Wyatt and said, "Wyatt, you're still a virgin. What the heck do you know? Sex is the best thing in the world. Once you experience it, you'll be hooked!"

Wyatt retorted, “ You know, if you keep sleeping around with random women, you're gonna get an STD sooner or later."
###Chapter 3 The Wedding Night
Isaac said irritably, "Will you stop cursing me?"

They bickered non-stop.

Looking at them, Oliver smiled while shaking his head.

Isaac and Wyatt quarreled a lot, and he had long gotten used to it.

Meanwhile, the wedding ceremony was over. The wedding car sent Natalie to the Rosewood Estate.

The Rosewood Estate was a castle-style estate set on one of the most scenic hills in Paykston.

On her way into the estate, there were guards who saluted her respectfully.

The estate featured numerous castle-style buildings, a lake, and facilities for leisure and entertainment such as a golf course, a racetrack, and training grounds including a playground and a shooting range...

It was nothing but luxurious!

Compared to here, where Oliver lived, the Watson's place was almost shabby.

"Hello, Mrs. Windsor!"

When Natalie got out of the car, about two dozen servants bowed to her in two rows.

"This way, Mrs. Windsor. I'm the housekeeper here. You may call me Liam," said Liam Powell, the leading servant, an elderly man.

Natalie had never been served by so many servants before, and she was a bit uneasy.

Besides, she noticed that though most of the servants looked very respectful, very few of them smiled.

Apparently, many of them didn't take her, Oliver's newlywed wife, seriously at all.

Liam had arranged for Natalie to stay in the guest bedroom. According to him, it was per Oliver's instructions.

She was Oliver's wife, yet she was asked to live in the guest bedroom. Clearly, Oliver didn't like her.

"Liam, do you know where Oliver is?" Natalie asked.

He said, "He has left to hang out with his friends."

Natalie pulled a long face, thinking, 'Oliver skipped our wedding to hang out with his friends?

'Am I nothing to him? I'm his newlywed wife!

'How insulting!

'I've heard it said that the uglier a man is, the weirder he is.

'If that's true, given how weird he is, I bet he is hideous!

'Gosh. I weep for myself.

'I end up marrying a hideous weirdo! I must be the most miserable woman in the world!

'But what can I do besides accept it?'

She didn't throw a tantrum. Noticing that, Liam looked at her with a hint of admiration.

He thought, 'Any other woman would have been pettish when their husband skipped their wedding and arranged for her to live in the guest bedroom. But she didn't. That's impressive.'

"Liam, could you let me know when Oliver comes back?" Natalie said.

"Of course," he responded with a smile.

However, Natalie didn't get to see Oliver until she woke up the next day.

She thought, 'I went through the wedding alone and spent our wedding night alone. What's more, I slept in the guest bedroom.

'I bet I'm the most tragic bride in the world!

'Now I know why Hailey has gone all out to have me marry him.

'This marriage is nothing but a tragedy! A prison!'

***

It was the third night when Oliver returned to the estate.

He looked imperious in a black silk V-neck shirt and black trousers.

"Where is she?" he asked Liam coldly, as Natalie was nowhere to be seen in the living room.

"Mr. Windsor, Mrs. Windsor is in the room. Seems she wants to talk to you about something," Liam said.

Oliver frowned, thinking, 'Natalie wanna talk to me?

'About what?

'She wanna cry in front of me, blaming me for not showing up at our wedding?'

He didn't care. While going upstairs, he said indifferently, "I'm not going to her. Tell her to come to me."

Hearing that, Liam went to Natalie and told her Oliver was back.

Upon knowing that, Natalie immediately rushed upstairs to the master bedroom door.

Very nervous, she thought, 'What if he's so ugly that I can't even face him?

'What should I do then?

'But no matter what, I guess I've got to face it.

'He's my husband. I can't stay away from him forever, can I?'

After hesitating for a moment, she finally plucked up courage and knocked on the door.

However, she got no response after knocking a few times.

Realizing that the door was unlocked, she pushed it open and walked into the master bedroom.

Upon entering the master bedroom, Natalie's eyes widened in shock!
###Chapter 4 Who Did You Call Ugly?
The master bedroom was luxurious and vast, nearly 2,000 square feet in size!

Through the door of the room, there was a small living room, and when she walked further in, she saw a king-size bed.

There was a walk-in closet, too.

The entire bedroom was decorated in an authentic Gothic style, filled with an aura of mystery and intrigue. It was nothing but stylish.

To call it a bedroom wasn't accurate. It was practically a home!

Natalie cautiously walked into the bedroom and looked for Oliver.

"Oliver?" she said, looking around. Yet she saw no one, though Liam had told her Oliver was here.

Finally, she saw a silhouette behind a huge floor-to-floor frosted glass.

Natalie thought the silhouette was Oliver.

She took a deep breath and approached, intending to talk to Oliver through the glass, as she wanted neither of them to feel awkward.

"Oliver, I... I'm Natalie..."

Getting no response, she quickly said everything she wanted to say.

"I know you don't like me. Rest assured. I won't bother you no matter what you do. But I do have a favor to ask... If that's OK.

"I'm still a student, and I wanna go back to school when I have classes. And I'd like to visit Lucas every week. He's my brother. Can I?"

In fact, Natalie was also a finalist in a modeling competition called "Top Avenue", which started the next month, but she didn't dare to make so many requests all at once.

"Oliver, I heard that you avoid meeting people because you think you're ugly. However, I believe that being unattractive isn't something to be afraid of, as long as you have a kind heart..."

Just at that moment, Oliver came out of the bathroom and happened to see Natalie murmuring to herself against the frosted glass.

Natalie had smooth, golden, and waist-length hair, and she wore a pale blue house dress. Under the light, her earlobes were round and delicate, her neck slender and fair.

Natalie was so nervous that she didn't notice a man standing behind her at all. Then she heard a deep, cold male voice coming from behind her.

Oliver frowned and said，"Who did you call ugly?"

His voice, blending with the gothic decor of the room, was as resonant as a beautiful cello.

Natalie screamed at once.

As she turned around, she saw a half-naked man standing less than 6.5 feet behind her.

Natalie was 5 feet 9 inches tall, and he was taller than her. She figured that he was at least 6 feet 3 inches tall.

Seemed he had just finished showering. His wet black hair was still dripping, his chest muscles and his eight-pack abs chiseled. His V-line abs sunk into the towel around his waist, and he had broad shoulders, a lean waist, and slender legs. Everything about him was exuding a potent, masculine allure.

He beat those top male models.

His features were sharp and handsome, his lips were thin and sensual, his nose was prominent, and his eyes were cold and wild. He was chosen by fate.

In short, his face could drive any woman crazy!

Natalie screamed, "Who... Who are you? Why are you here? And... Why aren't you wearing clothes?"
###Chapter 5 Get Out！
Blushing, Natalie covered her eyes and turned away.

This was the first time she had seen a man shirtless.

Oliver curled up his lips and smiled mockingly, thinking, 'You came to me, and you're asking me who I am?

'Nice act.

'Over the years, countless women have tried to seduce me using every way. I've seen plenty of your kind, pretending to be innocent.

'Lame tricks like this only disgust me, you stupid gal！'

"Are you trying to play dumb to get my attention?" Oliver's voice was cold and mocking.

Natalie thought, 'Get your attention? I certainly have not!'

She apologized to the silhouette behind the glass, "Oliver, don't listen to him! That's not true!"

After that, she turned to the half-naked, handsome man standing next to her.

Natalie said, "Why would you say that? I've never seen you before! Even though my newlywed husband isn't handsome, I wouldn't fall for you either!"

Oliver let out a brief, cold snort, his eyes icy.

He kicked away the pricey glass. In the next second, Natalie saw a mannequin dressed custom-made suit.

Natalie was dumbfounded, thinking, 'A mannequin?

Only then did Oliver see Natalie's face.

She had a pair of innocent eyes, a delicate nose, and rosy lips. Her features were enchantingly beautiful yet pure, and her beauty was simply breathtaking.

Indeed, in terms of appearance, she was totally his type.

However, her actions offended him. She mistook a mannequin for him and called him ugly repeatedly!

Oliver lunged up and used two slender, fair fingers to squeeze Natalie's jaw, and then he saw the obvious panic on her face.

"Instead of playing dumb, you might as well take off all your clothes. That might get me interested," he said.

"II'm not playing dumb. I..." Natalie tried to explain.

Oliver's light brown pupils were cold and full of irony, his handsome face utterly sullen. It was as if he was the most terrifying man in the world.

This was the first time Natalie was so close to a strange man. She was forced to look him in the eye, and the great pressure was suffocating her. Her heart was pounding, and her face was deadly pale.

"I'm... I'm sorry!" Natalie extricated herself from Oliver and bowed in apology.

She decided to apologize no matter who he was, for she had a feeling.

If she talked back, he would strangle her!

Natalie put on a pair of pajamas, but she didn't notice the loose neckline. When she bent over, her deep cleavage was out right under Oliver's eyes.

It was nothing but titillating under the bright light.

Seeing that, he thought, 'Sure enough, she's now trying to seduce me sexually.'

Sneering, he said, his eyes gloomy, "Get out!"

Natalie hurriedly left the room as quickly as if she had escaped death.

Seeing Liam downstairs, she went to verify with him.

Learning that the man was indeed Oliver, she felt like crying. "Don't people always say that Oliver is both ugly and frail?"

"Mrs. Windsor, only the dumb spread the rumors. Seeing is believing."

Natalie thought, 'He is far from frail or ugly. The rumors got that wrong. But he's indeed a weirdo with a temper!'

She sighed in frustration and continued to think, 'No one took me seriously the moment I arrived, and on the first day I was here, I offended Oliver. How am I supposed to negotiate terms with him now?

'Without his permission, I can't leave the estate or the West Hills.

'The guards won't open the gate, and I can't walk down the vast West Hills on my legs, can I?'

Natalie fell asleep deeply depressed.

The next morning arrived.

Natalie was awakened by the ringing of her cellphone.

The second she saw the caller ID, her pretty face instantly turned cold.
###Chapter 6 Is this your new way of seducing me?
It was a call from Natalie's father. With a heavy heart, Natalie answered the phone.

"Dad."

"Natalie, did you give Oliver the gift I prepared for him?" The voice of Robert Watson, her father, came through the phone. "Remember that you've got to behave there. Don't upset him."

Sad, Natalie thought, 'Father called not out of concern for me, but to tell me not to make Oliver angry.'

Robert was even crueler when he forced her to marry on behalf of Hailey. He said, "Natalie, let me tell you something! If you refuse to marry Oliver, I'll throw you and Lucas out!"

Those words destroyed the last bit of hope Natalie had for him.

"I'll give it to him later," she said, suppressing the disappointment and dull pain. "Dad, please don't tell Lucas that I'm married. It might be a bit too much for him."

Robert said angrily, "Too much for him? What's that supposed to mean? You're lucky to be Oliver's wife!" He lost patience soon. "Never mind. No one will tell him if you just do as I say."

After all, Natalie was the only one in the family who would go visit Lucas.

The gift was in Natalie's suitcase, in a flat box 1.6 feet wide, covered with delicate gold foil kraft paper, looking noble and impressive.

She had no idea what was inside. With the box in her arms, she went to Oliver.

The door to the study was closed. This time, after she knocked, she waited. She didn't dare to enter at will.

Fortunately, the door opened soon. It was controlled by an intelligent system.

The study was astonishingly large, seemingly 1,000 square feet, and was mainly in dark brown. The floor was covered with expensive velvet carpets, and the walls were lined with bookshelves packed with rare books in every language.

Oliver sat lazily behind a broad desk made of rare wood, leaning back in a leather office chair.

The morning light came in through the glazed window and shone on half his side face. His features were stunning and perfect in the morning light, like those of a deity.

She found it hard to believe that such a handsome man was actually rumored to be hideously ugly.

He looked at her coldly, his gaze almost questioning her purpose for coming.

"Oliver, my dad asked me to bring you a gift," Natalie said, presenting the box in her hands.

Oliver used his slender, powerful fingers to tap the desk casually. "Bring it in."

Being alone with Oliver in a room would easily be intimidated by his innate domineering aura, and Natalie had to take a breath before stepping inside.

Oliver glanced at the exquisitely wrapped gift box in front of him and lifted his chin, commanding like an emperor, "Open it."

She unpacked the box, and inside was an antique gilded saber with smooth lines on the blade, a handle inlaid with rare gems, and a beautifully carved scabbard adorned with elaborate patterns. Anyone at first glance could tell how priceless it was.

However, Oliver showed no interest in such an item.

He fiddled with it indifferently for a moment, just as he was about to toss it back, he noticed something at the bottom of the box.

He hooked up the few pieces of fabric with two fingers and laughed upon seeing them clearly.

"Natalie, is this your new way of seducing me?" he sneered coldly and mockingly.

"What?" Natalie frowned in confusion. She didn't see it clearly.

The next second, he tossed her the fabrics, covering her head accurately.

Natalie pulled them off and saw that they were a few pieces of semi-transparent fabric connected by thin strings.

It was the kind of leopard-print sexy erotic lingerie often seen in porn!

Her body went numb, and she blushed instantly, feeling that she was about to burn. She tossed away the erotic lingerie immediately and didn't even dare to glance at it out of the corner of her eye.

Any man knew the implication when a woman gave him erotic lingerie as a gift.

"How could there be such a thing in the box..." she stammered in embarrassment.

Her cheeks and ears were red, and she looked so shy that it seemed she wanted to vanish into thin air right away.

Seeing that, Oliver sneered, thinking, 'Still pretending here., among all those women trying to seduce me, you're the best at acting.'

"You're bold enough to give it to me, yet you're too afraid to put it on? Give me a break. Just drop the act." His mocking voice insulted Natalie even more.

"I'm not..." Natalie felt utterly wronged and took a deep breath to calm down.

"Oliver, I never even opened this gift box. How could I possibly... put erotic lingerie inside? I mean it! " Natalie said, helpless.

Oliver stood up, his towering presence instantly enveloping Natalie, his powerful aura spreading out.

Natalie felt like he was a wolf king about to hunt, and she was his defenseless prey.

Instinctively, she wanted to step back, yet he clutched her chin.

"Natalie, I know what you're after. You want to put on that sexy lingerie to seduce me, want to sleep with me, isn't that so?" His voice was deep and cold.

*************************
Next episode preview: Guess who put the sexy lingerie in the gift box?
###Chapter 7 I hate women with an agenda.
"No! That's not true! I don't want you to touch me at all!" she said hastily.

Oliver's face darkened instantly, his voice cold as ice. "Would you dare say it again?"

Though he had no feelings for her, she was his wife in name after all, and her words were nothing but rejecting and insulting him.

Furious, Natalie thought, 'You want me to say it again? Fine!'

With that, she blurted out while glaring at him, "I don't want to sleep with you at all! And I don't want you to touch me!"

In the next second, she was flung against a bookshelf, her back pressing against the cold wood and spines of books, causing a slight pain.

Oliver quickly pressed up against her, his face close, his hazel eyes dark and deep. Such a gaze was intimidating to anyone, and she felt as if he could see right through her.

"Are you playing hard to get?" he said, sinister and terrifying.

Hearing that, Natalie felt a moment of speechlessness. She thought, 'He's such a narcissist!'

It suddenly occurred to her that Hailey bought the gift the day before the wedding, and it was Hailey who wrapped gift and gave it to her.

It was Hailey!

It was done by that bitch Hailey!

Natalie looked up at Oliver only to see a cruel smile on his face. The way he looked at her showed no respect or care at all.

She had heard many rumors about him, including one where he had beaten a rich heir at a dinner party so badly that the man ended up paralyzed.

Besides, he had kicked the pricey glass into pieces last night. She was sure that if she offended him, she'd end up the same as the glass.

"Oliver, I'm sorry... Just pretend I was never here!" Natalie said. Though he got her wrong, she knew very well that the smart move was to take the blame for now. After all, she'd be the one suffering if she pissed him off.

"Don't try to seduce me again, or I'll toss you out regardless of who you are." Oliver let go of her. "Scram!"

Natalie fled away at once. The sight bugged Oliver even more.

He thought, 'Those clowns in the family have been trying to get women around me as their spies, so I simply married one so as to put an end to their schemes.

'I hate women with an agenda.

'But why? When I heard her say she didn't want me, I actually was angry for a second.'

Natalie went back to the room and called Hailey furiously. She wanted to get to the bottom of it.

"Hailey, did you put the lingerie in the gift box?" she questioned.

"Yeah. So?" Hailey admitted unabashedly, triumphant.

Hailey hated Natalie the most. She hated Natalie's enchanting face and figure, hated that Natalie always stole her thunder, and hated that Natalie used to be Adrian's love!

"Why did you do that? You're already with Adrian, and I've married Oliver on your behalf!" Natalie was angry.

"I wanted you to experience how great sex is. But I'm afraid Oliver isn't up to it given his condition, right?" Hailey laughed. "Natalie, just out of curiosity, exactly how ugly is Oliver?"
###Chapter 8 Nightclub Runway Show
Natalie retorted, "You're wrong! Oliver is not ugly at all!"

Hailey scoffed, "Not ugly? Don't delude yourself. It's widely known that Oliver is a notorious eyesore!"

Just as Natalie was about to explain, Hailey abruptly ended the call.

Natalie felt a bit disheartened, but she was eager to see Hailey's reaction when she discovered that Oliver was not only not ugly but actually quite handsome.

Hailey's expression at that moment was sure to be priceless!

Nighttime.

Natalie received a call from her agent, Sienna White, who asked her to come to the company the next day for a job. It was the first time in six months that her agent had proactively arranged work for her. Natalie was excited and immediately went to find Oliver. After all, she could only leave with Oliver's approval. When Natalie found Oliver, he was sitting on the couch reading a financial magazine, looking relaxed and aristocratic.

Approaching Oliver, Natalie spoke, "Oliver, I mentioned to you last night that I am a model. My agent wants me to go to the company tomorrow for work. Can I go?"

"I promise not to disclose any of your information! I swear!" Natalie was afraid he might not agree, so she immediately raised her hand to pledge. She didn't want to be trapped in this estate forever. She had dreams of being a supermodel, she wanted to work. She had a younger brother to take care of, she needed to earn money.

Oliver looked up, gazing into Natalie's beautiful eyes and seeing her eager expression. Feeling a bit moved, without much thought, he nodded in agreement, "You can."

Natalie's signing company was SY Entertainment Company, owned by her father, Robert Watson. When Natalie arrived at the company, she went straight to Sienna White's office, only to find another woman inside. A woman who made her feel sick just by looking at her. Hailey!

"Natalie, long time no see!" Hailey elegantly lounged on the sofa, her smile tinged with mockery. Natalie felt disgusted just seeing Hailey's smile. Hailey not only slept with her boyfriend but also used her younger brother's life to threaten her. Hailey was a bitch!

Ignoring Hailey, Natalie turned to Sienna White and asked, "Sienna, what job do you have planned for me?"

"Natalie, it's been a while since you did a runway show. Tonight, All Night Club has a late-night show. Get ready to walk the runway," Sienna said warmly.

"Sienna, All Night Club is a nightclub. Many of the girls there are prostitutes. Do I have to go there to model?" Natalie was shocked. All Night Club was a famous nightclub, with exorbitant prices and a gathering place for the wealthy and elite of Paykston City, where countless shady deals took place.

Sienna persuasively smiled, "Natalie, tonight many important people will be there, even the assistant director of 'Top Avenue' show. This is a great opportunity for you to showcase yourself!"

"Sienna, is she going to this show tonight?" Natalie pointed at Hailey.

Sienna, as their agent with two talents under her wing, one being Natalie and the other Hailey, replied, "Hailey is a popular model now, a favorite of the company. How could she go to a nightclub for a show? You, on the other hand, are an unknown model. How dare you compare yourself to Hailey?"

Losing her patience, Sienna stopped pretending to smile and ordered, "Natalie, don't mess this up! Remember, you signed a contract with the company. If you don't obey, you'll pay a million dollars in breach of contract!"

###Chapter 9 The Wicked Sister, Hailey
Upon hearing Sienna mention the contract, Natalie felt angry.

Last year, through her own efforts, Natalie had made a name for herself in the modeling world.

However, her father, Robert Watson, forcibly signed her into SY Entertainment Company. The result? SY Entertainment Company handed all the resources that should have been hers to Hailey.

Within a year, Hailey went from being unknown to a somewhat famous model, even buying an award for "Top Ten New Star Models in the Country" last year.

Meanwhile, Natalie was almost sidelined, becoming an unknown model.

Natalie suspected that the company's intention for her to walk the runway was a facade, while the real plan was to please the person in charge of "Top Avenue" by sacrificing her dignity. Perhaps after the show, it might even involve more than just walking the runway.

Hailey also made it to the finals of "Top Avenue," but her skills were lacking. To make it into the top three, she would need to curry favor with the show's production team through backdoor deals. Natalie speculated that Sienna wanted her to sacrifice herself to help Hailey advance on "Top Avenue."

"Natalie, I'm thirsty. Can you make me a cup of hot coffee?" Hailey suddenly said to Natalie.

"Me?" Natalie pointed at herself in disbelief.

"Natalie, if not you, then should I go?" Sienna knew that Hailey was the company owner's beloved daughter, while Natalie was the unprivileged illegitimate daughter, so she fawned over Hailey.

Sienna was Natalie's agent after all, and Natalie didn't want to conflict with her over such a trivial matter. Natalie made the coffee and handed it to Hailey, saying, "Your coffee."

Hailey looked up and smiled, giving Natalie a bad feeling. In the next moment, the coffee was spilled onto Natalie by Hailey, staining her hands and her white shirt with brown coffee marks.

Hailey exclaimed, showing concern, "Natalie, why are you so clumsy? Did you get burned?"

Sienna, relieved that the coffee had spilled entirely on Natalie and not on Hailey, scolded Natalie sternly, "Natalie, you can't even pour coffee properly, so clumsy! Hurry up and make Hailey another cup!"

Natalie smiled slightly at the corner of her mouth. Fortunately, she had anticipated that Hailey might play tricks, so she had purposely added ice cubes to the hot coffee, making sure it wasn't scalding. Hailey, still smug, thought she had scalded Natalie.

When Natalie returned with the second cup of coffee, Sienna had already left the office. Natalie looked at Hailey and said, "Hailey, aren't you afraid that if I please Mr. Evans and the investors, I'll win the championship on 'Top Avenue'?"

Hailey smirked, "Natalie, do you know why the company agreed to let you participate in the competition in the first place? Let me make it clear to you: your existence is only to pave the way for me! After you defeat those strong opponents, you will lose to me, and the championship will be mine!"

What?! Natalie widened her eyes in shock. No wonder over the past year, the company had not allowed her to participate in any activities but had permitted her to join "Top Avenue." This was their plan all along!

Natalie was extremely angry and determined to leave this company that drained her dreams and exploited her. But the breach of contract fee... she would absolutely not pay it!

Just as Natalie was about to say something, Hailey suddenly raised her hand and splashed the coffee onto herself, screaming.

Hailey spilled coffee on herself?

Puzzled, Natalie was gonna ask when suddenly, a man's anxious low roar came from behind her. "Hailey!"

A tall, handsome man burst into the office, pushed Natalie away, and nervously held Hailey in his arms. "Hailey, are you OK? Did you get burned? Does it hurt?"

The man pushed Natalie so hard that she hit her lower back into the corner of the desk, and she was in severe pain.

Yet the physical pain was nothing compared to the great heartache. Natalie felt as if someone had viciously stabbed her heart.

As Natalie looked at the familiar man in front of her, those intense, nasty scenes from half a month ago came back haunting her.

This man was Natalie's ex-boyfriend, Adrian!
###Chapter 10 Natalie, Don't Ruin My Relationship with Adrian
Half a month ago，Her half-sister and her boyfriend who had sworn to love her forever had sex.

She walked in on them, and that actually became their excuse to ask her to marry Oliver on behalf of Hailey. Adrian claimed that he had to be responsible for Hailey.

"Adrian, it hurts so much! My hand hurts! What if it scars? I'm a model! I can't afford to have scars!" Hailey whined, burying her face in Adrian's chest and crying pitifully.

The truth was, freshly brewed coffee wasn't that hot at all. With proper treatment, it wouldn't leave any scars. She would suffer a bit of superficial pain at most.

"Baby, don't worry, I won't let that happen," Adrian comforted Hailey, and then he was about to deal with the woman who had made Hailey suffer.

Yet the second he turned around, he was stunned.

"Natalie?!"

He looked at Natalie with surprise, not at all menacing anymore.

Back then, he had pursued Natalie passionately for almost half a year before she agreed to date him. Natalie was reserved and conservative, and during those two months they were together, they did no more than hold hands and hug.

Meanwhile, Hailey often flirted with Adrian, who was well aware of her intentions. Therefore, when she came to him to have drinks alone one night, they hit it off and had sex until dawn. When Natalie came home and walked in on them, they were just about to reach an orgasm.

"Natalie, did I push you too hard? I didn't mean to. I'm sorry. Are you hurt?" Adrian let go of Hailey and walked towards Natalie.

Seeing that, Hailey was worried that Adrian still had feelings for Natalie. So, she clenched her teeth and clung to Adrian's waist.

She said, aggrieved, "Natalie, I know you're upset about me and Adrian being together, but ... you shouldn't have intentionally burned me with hot coffee! Besides, you're already married to Oliver. You're his wife now! Please! Just leave Adrian and me alone, OK?"

The Harrington family was one of the most prestigious families, second only to the mysterious Windsor family. Adrian was handsome and romantic, and in Hailey's eyes, he belonged to no one but her.

And she knew him well. He was an arrogant man who liked women to be absolutely dependent on him. The last thing he could stand was disloyalty.

As she had expected, Adrian didn't feel guilty anymore. Instead, he looked at Natalie mockingly and disdainfully as if she were a cheap slut, and if he glanced at her again, he would puke.

He said, "Natalie, about that night, you got me wrong. You refused to hear me out and decided to marry Oliver because of your own vanity. Given so, stop trying to get me back. I love Hailey now!"

While saying, he thought, 'I slept with Hailey once. So what? Every man has a mistress nowadays. Only women like Natalie would make a big deal out of it.'

"Natalie, apologize to Hailey now!"
###Chapter 11 Look, that's the Natalie!
"Vanity?" Natalie exclaimed, pointing at herself in disbelief.

She realized that, in Adrian's eyes, her forced marriage to Oliver was seen as an act of vanity.

"Isn't it true?" Adrian sneered. "Natalie, don't deny what you did! Apologize to Hailey now!"

Hailey nestled in Adrian's arms, casting a contemptuous and provocative glance at Natalie where Adrian couldn't see.

Natalie couldn't help but laugh mockingly.

Fine, then!

Now she knew the true face of Adrian!

Such a man was not worthy of her love!

"Adrian, listen up, I would rather marry Oliver than marry you," Natalie picked up her bag and headed toward the door. "And as for an apology, it's not going to happen! I hope you guys are happy together!"

Adrian gritted his teeth, reluctantly watching Natalie walk away. Her graceful and enchanting figure was a fatal attraction to any man.

Oliver didn't deserve Natalie! That sick and ugly bastard!

All Night Manor.

At the evening show, most models were non-professional. They were here to catch the eyes of wealthy sponsors.

Natalie was brought to All Night Manor in the afternoon, with many young and pretty models already dressed up.

"These are your outfits for tonight's show. Don't disappoint me!" Sienna tossed the clothes at her, knowing that Natalie would do as she said.

It was a three-piece glittery swimsuit with a transparent veil to partially cover it.

After Sienna left, Natalie looked around at the other models. She fixed her gaze on a beautiful woman who had a lot of work done on her face.

The woman was complaining about something while holding a black cocktail dress. Although the dress was designed to be tight-fitting with a large portion of the back exposed, it was still much better than the "three pieces of cloth" Natalie received.

"Hello, don't you like your outfit for the show?" Natalie greeted, smiling.

"It's not sexy at all. How can I get any extra attention with such a stupid dress?" The woman noticed the clothes in Natalie's hand and her eyes lit up. That outfit would get everyone's attention!

So, she asked, "Darling, how about we switch outfits?"

Natalie replied, "Yeah! Why not?"

In this kind of show, no one would care about the outfits of models.

RisingKing Group Headquarters.

"Oliver, there's an evening show at All Night Club tonight. Wanna go and have some fun?"

Isaac loved to have fun and was always in the know about exciting activities, so naturally, he wouldn't miss the All Night Manor event.

"I'm not interested," Oliver said without even looking up and continued his work at hand.

"There are some really hot chicks this time. I saw their photos. There's one called Natalie, and she's just gorgeous! She looks both hot and innocent. Can you believe that? I bet she can easily make it into the top three of the Paykston Beauty Rankings. Guys would fight to sleep with her tonight!" Isaac tried his best to persuade him.

Isaac only knew that Oliver was married, but he didn't know that Oliver's wife's name was Natalie.

Oliver paused as he was about to sign on something. His eyes turned cold.

Natalie? Natalie was a model, and tonight she had a late-night show. It was quite a coincidence!

After a moment, Oliver raised his head, his voice as cold as ice. "Okay, I'll go with you."

All Night Club,The runway at the night show shimmered with blue lights, casting an incredibly decadent vibe across the venue.

As the music was on, models with ample chests and long legs graced the stage one by one. Some adorned cute bunny girl outfits, some dressed up as alluring sirens, and some flaunted sexy swimsuits, catering to the diverse tastes of men under the stage.

From the VIP private rooms on the second floor, the runway was visible through the windows.

"Mr. Evans, Natalie from our company is up there. Look, she's the woman in the sequined swimsuit! Later, I'll ask her to come to you." Sienna pointed to the model strutting down the stage and smiled.

Brian Evans was a baldy in his fifties. After he glanced at the woman on the catwalk with murky eyes, he let out a disdainful chuckle, "She looks like she's done a dozen plastic surgeries. And you have the nerve to say she's the most beautiful woman in your company?"

Sienna took a closer look at the woman on stage, and her expression instantly changed. "Th-that's not Natalie!"

When another model took the stage, Brian said lustfully, "This one is not bad!"

"That's her! That's Natalie!" Sienna's face turned pale with anger. She would teach that little bitch a lesson!

Meanwhile, in room SV208.

"Oliver! Look, that's the Natalie!" Isaac raised his chin toward Natalie and made a clicking noise with his tongue. "So pretty!"

Oliver sat on the couch with his legs crossed in a dominant and lazy posture. Holding a cigarette between his fingertips, his cold gaze fell upon the runway.

Natalie, standing tall at 5 feet 9 inches, stood out among the women on the stage who were there to "promote" themselves. Her skin, smooth like porcelain, showcased her clavicles and shoulder bones like exquisite pieces of art under the lights. Dressed in a black outfit, she radiated even more brilliance.

At this moment, Natalie was emotionless, concealing her usual gentleness. She looked like a completely different person. She couldn't hide the inherent elegance she possessed on the runway.

Cloaked in black, the mere sight of her stirred the blood of all men.

Oliver was taken aback; he had not expected that the woman before him, who had been feigning ignorance and innocence, could also possess such an elegant and haughty demeanor.
###Chapter 12 Oliver, they're lying!
As soon as Natalie showed up, the entire venue fell silent for a second. When she turned around, revealing her fair back, cheers and whistles erupted from the crowd.

Seeing the hungry gazes of those men on the first floor, Oliver's eyes turn cold instantly.

How could his wife participate in such a show?!

"Natalie! What are you wearing? Where's the outfit I gave you?" As soon as Natalie stepped off the stage, Sienna grabbed her arm.

Sienna's grip was so strong that Natalie felt hurt.

"I switched my dress with someone else," Natalie said casually while discreetly touching the hidden recorder in her ear.

If she got the evidence tonight, she could terminate her contract with them!

"I'll deal with you later!" Sienna dragged Natalie toward the private room.

"Listen up! You'll take good care of Mr. Evans. You heard me?" Sienna said. "He's satisfied with your performance."

As they entered Room V204, Sienna pushed Natalie toward Brian.

Luckily, Natalie knew she would do that and protected herself in advance.

"Mr. Evans, this is Natalie. How do you think?" Sienna asked.

"Good! Sweetheart, drink with me!" Brian gazed at Natalie, eager to have this beauty beneath him.

Natalie forced a stiff smile and reluctantly took the drink, knowing that there was something off about it.

As she raised the glass to her lips, Natalie abruptly pulled it away and said, "Mr. Evans, I can drink this, but before I do, I have a question."

"Go ahead and ask," Brian replied, waiting for her to drink the concoction that would turn a virtuous woman into a harlot.

"How much did you offer Sienna to hand me over to you?" Natalie asked.

"You're a smart girl!" Brian said, enthralled by desire. "One million, I'd say! Honestly, you're not the first woman Sienna sent me. But you are the most beautiful one!"

Natalie pressed the recorder in her ear and smiled, surprised at how easily she got him to talk.

"Excuse me, I need to use the restroom."

Natalie quickly stood up and headed out.

If she didn't leave this private room, she would end up on Brian's bed.

"Natalie, where are you going?" Sienna noticed Natalie's attempt to escape. She told the guards, "Follow her!"

After only a few strides, Natalie found herself intercepted by the sturdy bodyguards. Panicking, she darted into room SV208.

Fortunately, the room was dim, hosting a collection of alluring hostesses dressed hot.

Natalie blended in, picked up a bottle of champagne, and walked toward a corner where a person was leaning against a sofa.

Oliver glanced down at her kneeling by his feet, her black dress gracefully contouring her body and revealing an enticing expanse of her back.

From his angle, he could see her cleavage.

She didn't need to do anything; merely kneeling silently on the ground made her the most enticing presence in the room.

Suddenly, a group of men broke the door and barged in.

"What are you doing? Do you know who's in this room?" the person in charge of room SV208 shouted angrily.

"We're looking for someone!" the leader of the bodyguards replied.

Natalie paused as she was pouring a glass of wine. And she lowered her head.

Oliver gazed at her without a hint of emotion.

"Throw them out," Isaac ordered, annoyed by these guys.

Before the bodyguards could react, three men in suits showed up, blocking their path. The three men had stoic expressions and huge muscles, completely overpowering the bodyguards.

"Boss, this seems to be an SV suite." one of the smaller bodyguards whispered to his leader.

The leader's face instantly turned pale. SV suites were the most exclusive ones, and they couldn't afford to offend people in these rooms. "S-sorry! Sorry to interrupt! We'll leave now!"

Natalie was on the verge of breathing a sigh of relief when the man beside her unexpectedly spoke.

"Who are you looking for?"

His voice sounded like the finest cello, and Natalie found it familiar.

Natalie cautiously turned her head. The man took a drag from his cigarette. Smoke rings wafted from his seductive lips, dispersing to reveal a handsome yet merciless face.

His hazel eyes were devoid of any emotions.

Natalie looked at him in surprise.

Oliver Windsor!

What was he doing here? Did he see her?!

"Sir, you see, there's a woman who stole our boss' diamond. We saw her running into your private room, and we were trying to catch her," the bodyguard said.

"Oliver, they're lying!" Natalie grasped Oliver's trousers, quietly pleading, "I didn't steal anything, they were trying to force me!"

Even though he didn't harbor any affection for her, she was still his wife. He couldn't simply allow other men to lay their hands on her.

Oliver took a drag of his cigarette and continued to look at her indifferently.

The woman at his feet tilted her head up, looking fragile. Her eyes reddened with desperation, yet she dared not make any other movements, putting all her hopes in him.

Oliver suddenly wondered what she would do if he didn't help her.

"Fine, go ahead."

Natalie's eyes widened in shock. Oliver was so ruthless!

The women around let out cries of surprise as the bodyguards began scrutinizing each woman's face. Natalie grew anxious, her palms sweaty.

"Oliver!" she called his name, infuriated, but her voice was so low.

"So, this is your job?" Oliver's words were audible only to Natalie.

"I..." she hesitated, unsure of what to say.

He smoked quietly, the smoke blurring his cold expression. He no longer paid attention to Natalie, as if he didn't care if she would be caught.

The bodyguards were about to approach them when Natalie decided to take a bold move. Without hesitating, she sat on Oliver's lap, her hands wrapping around his neck as she pressed her face close to his.

"Fuck! What the hell am I looking at?!" Isaac had his jaw dropped.
###Chapter 13 I didn't betray you!
Oliver, who had no interest in women was forcefully kissed by a hostess. The whole place fell into a deathly silence.

The bodyguards stood frozen, not daring to touch the woman on Oliver's lap.

Oliver felt a soft body collide with his, then tightly embrace him as if afraid he would push her away. The woman's face was only inches away from his, but they didn't kiss.

However, her warm breath blew over his ear and nape. Her soft hair brushed against his cheek, like feathers tickling the tip of his heart.

It was Natalie's first time taking the initiative to get close to a man. She was so nervous that her heart skipped a beat. Her fingertips were trembling too, but she couldn't let go; she couldn't get caught!

"Darling, they're so scary. Can you make them leave?" Natalie pinched her voice, trying to sound sweet and flirtatious. So, the bodyguards wouldn't be suspicious.

Oliver felt an uncontrollable surge of heat. He cursed inwardly.

"Go away!" he said coldly, his eyes filled with killing intent.

"Y-Yes, Sir!" The bodyguards trembled in fear, swallowing hard. They didn't think Natalie would dare to sit on Oliver's lap. They left the private room quickly.

The atmosphere was strange in the room. No one dared to make a sound.

Isaac snapped back to reality and hastily captured a photo, forwarding it to Wyatt: [Oliver was kissed by a girl!]

After he saw the photo, Wyatt thought it was fake. But upon closer examination, he realized it was real!

Wyatt: [Awesome! Who is she?]

Isaac: [A hostess from the nightclub.]

Wyatt: [Is she still alive?]

Isaac: [At the moment, yep.]

"Is this your new way of seducing me?" Oliver's voice was cold and low.

Only he knew that this was the only way to hide the emotion in his voice.

"N-No!" Natalie felt unfairly accused.

He was evil as he didn't help Natalie in the first place.

"Then get off me!" Oliver growled lowly.

"I-I'm sorry!"

Natalie finally snapped back to reality, jumping off Oliver as if she had been electrified.

Little did she expect that in her haste, she exerted too much force, and her head collided with his, brushing her lips against his in the process. At that moment, she froze.

Natalie realized something and she looked at Oliver's crotch in disbelief.

The man had crossed his legs and showed no signs of anything unusual. His face remained as cold and forbidding as ever.

Perhaps she had misunderstood earlier?

Yes, she must have been mistaken. Oliver loathed her so much that it was impossible for him to react to her in that way.

"You can't seduce me." Oliver couldn't believe that he was turned on by this woman. "Look again, and I'll gouge out your eyes!"

"Oliver, just now I was just...acting on impulse," Natalie hurriedly covered her eyes and gave up on explaining. "Anyway, thank you for saving me!"

Natalie quickly escaped the scene.

Annoyed, Oliver closed his eyes, as his fingers unconsciously brushed his lips. The taste of her lips lingered, carrying a peculiar sweetness.

Isaac's gaze shifted from Natalie back to Oliver, but for quite some time, he did not receive any instructions from Oliver to capture her.

Wyatt sent another text message: [Is she still alive?]

Isaac felt like he had discovered a new world: [Wow! Can you believe it?! That woman made a clean getaway!]

Natalie returned to the Rosewood Estate, but Oliver had not returned yet.

Restlessly, she sat in the living room, waiting for Oliver.

"Mrs. Windsor, aren't you going to sleep now?" Liam asked as he approached.

"I'll wait for him. There are things I need to explain to him." Natalie replied, glancing at the clock, realizing it was already past midnight.

Tonight, she met Oliver in a place like All Night Manor. And she even kissed him by accident! What if he was mad at her? Would he punish the Watsons instead? Then, what would happen to Lucas?

The clock kept on ticking, and it was getting very late.

After such a day, she was exhausted. She slowly closed her eyes, and before she knew it, she drifted into sleep.

Oliver returned around 3 a.m.

When he opened the door, he saw Natalie curled up on the sofa, with both hands supporting her head.

"Mr. Oliver, she has been waiting for you the whole night. She said she had something to explain to you," the maid said.

Oliver walked next to her and looked at her delicate face. Without makeup, her natural look was much better than wearing heavy makeup.

Sleeping on her side, her face was gently pressed against her hand, making a pout— a cute sight that contrasted with her hot look on the runway.

Her lips moved a few times as if she were muttering something in her dreams.

Intrigued, Oliver leaned over.

"Oliver..."

Natalie's voice was a soft, sweet purr, making Oliver's heart flutter involuntarily. A second later, her muttering continued.

"You bastard! You absolute bastard!"

Oliver's face instantly darkened, and he turned around expressionlessly and headed upstairs, his back emanating waves of icy disregard.

"Mr. Oliver, should we attend to Mrs. Windsor?" the confused servant asked, gesturing towards Natalie, who was still fast asleep on the couch.

"Don't worry about her."

Natalie should've been waiting for Oliver. But there she was, having fallen asleep on the sofa and even cursing him in her dreams!

He wondered if she had something important to say or if she was just concocting another one of schemes.

Remembering her antics at All Night Manor, her so-called job, and his own unwelcome physical reactions, Oliver felt a surge of perplexing anger rise within him.

Since Oliver had dismissed Natalie, the servants didn't dare intervene. They left Natalie undisturbed on the couch all night.

However, Natalie's sleep was anything but peaceful.

In her dream, Lucas was being neglected by the Watson family at the hospital, and she feared that he lacked the funds to continue his chemotherapy treatment.

Jolted from her slumber, Natalie found her forehead covered in cold sweat.

The discomfort of her stiffened body jolted her mind back to reality.

She sat up, momentarily disoriented by her unfamiliar surroundings. The sky outside glowed with the faint light of pre-dawn, a pale streak of luminescence edging the eastern horizon.

Glancing at the clock, Natalie realized with a start that it was nearly six o'clock.

So she had spent the entire night on the couch?!

Oliver's coat hung in the hallway, silent proof that he had returned but chose to ignore Natalie's presence.

Luckily, the weather wasn't chilly, so Natalie's overnight stay on the couch wouldn't lead to sickness.

Rushing back to her room for a quick tidy-up, Natalie made her way downstairs again, only to find Oliver already seated at the dining table, deeply engrossed in his breakfast alongside a finance magazine.

If only Hailey knew that Oliver wasn't just not ugly—he was actually quite attractive. Then she wouldn't have coerced Natalie into this loveless marriage, saving her from having to deal with this surly man!

"Good morning, Oliver," Natalie hesitated, her inner monologue churning with sarcasm, yet she couldn't bring herself to confront Oliver directly.

Oliver didn't even glance up, acting as though he neither saw nor heard Natalie.

The attending servants bowed their heads deferentially, their faces etched with respect.

Left standing awkwardly, Natalie felt a frost settle in her heart. "Oliver, I can explain last night. It was a—"

"Enough!" Oliver interjected sharply.

Finally deigning to acknowledge Natalie, Oliver shot her a withering look, brimming with contempt. "I'm not interested in hearing your explanations."

His stance was clear: he wanted to consign the events of the previous evening to the annals of history.

"Natalie, I'm warning you, even if I don't fancy you, you must prove your loyalty as my wife."

"I didn't betray you!"

A torrent of angry words surged within Natalie, but she forced them down. Fine, if Oliver refused to listen, she wouldn't attempt a third explanation!

"Mrs. Windsor, please have a seat and eat. The food will get cold soon," Liam said, pulling out a chair for Natalie.

Liam was employed by Oliver's grandmother, Marjorie Windsor. He had watched Oliver grow up and held a unique position in the Windsor family. He alone dared to speak freely in this house.

Natalie breathed a sigh of relief and shot a grateful look at Liam.

"Change the chef. The food is repulsive!"

Out of the blue, Oliver hurled his spoon back onto the plate, his expression stormy and threatening, as though he had eaten something nasty.
###Chapter 14 Go make breakfast for me！
Natalie started in surprise.

She couldn't help but notice Oliver's long, powerful fingers, their distinct knuckles giving them a striking appearance.

However, one glaring omission caught her eye—his left ring finger was conspicuously bare of a wedding band.

In contrast, her own right ring finger was adorned with a pink diamond ring.

Instinctively, Natalie tightened her right hand, feeling a stab of inequality. She yearned to remove her wedding ring, yet she couldn't.

On Oliver's plate sat an array of sandwiches, goose liver pâté, scrambled eggs, and a cheese soufflé. A beautifully arranged platter of fruits garnished the side, accompanied by a cup of black coffee.

Oliver took a hefty gulp of the black coffee, his brows furrowing as a familiar pain nestled in his stomach.

The clutches of moderate anorexia seized him, rendering every mouthful of food tasteless, like wax dissolving on his tongue. Over time, it had culminated in the manifestation of a stomach ailment.

Natalie observed Oliver's discomfort, noticing his left hand gently massaging his stomach.

He helped her last night, so she urged him, "Oliver, skipping breakfast or consuming coffee on an empty stomach isn't good for your health."

Oliver looked up, his eyes brimming with frost and mockery. "Who are you to dictate my actions? My wife?"

Oliver's morning temper was notoriously vicious.

"I... I heard that you're frail and sickly."

'Serves you right!' Natalie thought.

Biting her lip lightly, Natalie looked down, revealing her discontent and a hint of melancholy.

Oliver knew she silently reproached him in her heart. Leaning his tall, upright frame against the chair, he commanded, "Go make breakfast for me!"

"What?" Natalie thought she misheard.

"Can't you? Well then, you can't eat."

'Don't you wanna show off?

'I'm granting you an opportunity,' Oliver thought.

Deliberately making things difficult, Oliver underestimated Natalie. As a Watson raised in a wealthy family, he assumed she had been accustomed to the runway and had never set foot in a kitchen.

Natalie could discern from Oliver's expression that he thought she couldn't prepare anything decent. She gritted her teeth in frustration. "Fine, I'll do it!"

Unbeknownst to Oliver, cooking was Natalie's forte.

Natalie possessed another identity—a food blogger boasting millions of followers, each one an active fan fervently awaiting her next creation.

Within a mere ten minutes, Natalie deftly crafted a nourishing plate of sopas that would've left any gourmet salivating.

The hearty mix featured tender morsels of chicken, aromatic sautéed garlic and onions, and a vibrant medley of fresh vegetables. To elevate the flavor, she added a pinch of crushed black pepper and a subtle hint of ginger. The rich broth, steeped in the essence of chicken stock, rendered the sopas both soul-warming and nurturing.

Presented in an elegant white plate, the dish was a feast for both the eyes and the nose.

"You expect me to eat this?" Oliver's face darkened at the sight of the seemingly disorganized plate of food.

"Oliver, please give it a chance. I assure you, it's delectable and nourishing!" Natalie interjected before Oliver could dismiss the plate.

As a food blogger, she yearned for more people to relish her culinary masterpieces. Simultaneously, as Oliver's nominal wife, she harbored a desire to ingratiate herself with him.

Despite its unprepossessing appearance, the "disorderly-looking food" exuded a robust aroma that tantalized the senses. The soft and fragrant macaroni, the rich egg flavor, the vibrancy of the vegetables, and the alluring aroma of the meat all coalesced harmoniously into a symphony of flavors.

For a fleeting moment, Oliver hesitated. Surprisingly, he refrained from delivering a brusque dismissal and instead reached for the spoon. He scrutinized the "disorderly-looking food" for several seconds, as though mentally grappling with its potential awfulness.

Upon tasting the soup, he was met with an explosion of richness and flavor. The macaroni, eggs, and vegetables effortlessly dissolved on his tongue, requiring only minimal chewing for the meat cubes, which brought an unexpected sense of satisfaction.

There was even a subtle sweetness lingering in the aftertaste.

A surge of unfamiliar emotions flickered in Oliver's eyes.

This taste bore an uncanny resemblance to the flavors of the meals prepared by that young girl from his past!

He looked up and stared intently at Natalie as if hiding intense feelings.

"How did you make this?" Oliver abruptly seized Natalie's wrist.

"I-I learned it online." Natalie, taken aback by his reaction, hesitated to reveal that she had been skilled in the kitchen since her youth.

Oliver relinquished his hold on her hand, the motion barely perceptible.

With his gaze averted, Oliver attempted to cloak his disappointment and sarcasm. The notion that Natalie could be the girl from that bygone year was simply preposterous!

"So, what do you think? Do you enjoy it?" Natalie inquired nervously as she couldn't tell what he was thinking about, her voice laced with anticipation.

Oliver's stoic face rendered his thoughts impenetrable to Natalie.

The sound of fragile ceramics shattered the silence.

Oliver discarded the spoon into the plate, his countenance reverting to its usual impassivity. "It's lacking in flavor."

Lacking in flavor?

How could that be?

Natalie wondered whether she had erred somehow.

Filled with skepticism, she tentatively tasted a spoonful of the sopas from her own plate. "I find it quite palatable."

Her exquisitely delicate skin, paired with her tongue, resembled the most tempting strawberry. She had a face that captured a unique blend of purity and seductive charm, where every gesture she made radiated an undeniable allure.

Her lips were still burning due to an intense kiss yesterday.

Oliver furrowed his brow, his gaze sharp. "Return to your room."

"If you don't wish to eat it, that's not my concern!" Natalie fumed, stomping upstairs to her room.

Oliver folded his hands and fixed his gaze on the plate in front of him.

To be fair, it wasn't unattractive. The hues blended quite harmoniously. It simply lacked the sophistication of the refined meals he was used to. Though, it was certainly more appealing than the plain sopas of his memories.

Eventually, Oliver lifted the spoon once more and took a generous mouthful of the sopas.

The enduring sweetness was like a desert mirage, echoing the flavors of bygone years. It soothed his morning vexations and banished his food aversion.

"Replicate this." Oliver's command induced a quiver in the head chef's hands.

He actually requested a five-star chef to prepare such a homely dish, unfit for an elegant presentation!

Despite the chef's inner grumblings, however, compliance was necessary.

Ten minutes later, a plate of aromatic sopas was presented, nearly indistinguishable from the one Natalie had made.

Oliver tasted it.

It was devoid of flavor.

He then savored the one Natalie made, and it was delightful and alluring.

Oliver never anticipated that the food concocted by a five-star hotel chef would fail to stimulate his appetite, while the meal prepared by his wife proved astonishingly captivating.

Upon reaching her room, Natalie realized she had forgotten to bring her breakfast with her. She was starving.

After hesitating for a moment, she decided to swiftly go downstairs to fetch it.

She endeavored to limit her exposure to Oliver's company to a mere moment!

With her heart pounding, Natalie approached the dining room and was rendered speechless by the sight before her.

The sopas that Oliver had derided as "disorderly-looking food" was nearly finished. He had scorned it mere minutes ago, but he was now enjoying it spoonful by spoonful.

"Who granted you permission to come downstairs?" Oliver glanced over, his face grim, his expression unreadable, as if indicating a storm.
###Chapter 15 What are you up to again?
"I'm sorry! I... I forgot my breakfast," Natalie explained, pointing to another plate of sopas on the table.

A delicate film had formed on the surface as the soup cooled, concealing the escaping steam. Yet, once disturbed, the soup beneath maintained its warmth.

"Oliver, didn't you...find my cooking...repulsive?" Natalie glanced at Oliver and muttered with a hint of discontent.

If becoming a supermodel was her dream, then culinary delights were her passion. She delighted in bringing joy to others through her delicious creations.

However, Oliver constantly found fault with her dishes, only to secretly devour them when she wasn't looking!

Oliver regarded Natalie with an expressionless face, his handsome features carrying an air of aloofness as if his actions were entirely commonplace.

"Mrs. Windsor, it is shameful to waste food, so Mr. Windsor reluctantly eats it," Liam explained, standing beside Oliver.

It had been some time since Oliver exhibited such an appetite, and Liam thought that Natalie was quite impressive indeed.

How could he say that! Natalie suddenly felt that Liam might not be as kind and approachable as he appeared.

"Do you have any objections?" Oliver gazed at her icily.

"Nope!" Natalie hastily grabbed her breakfast and said, "I'll have breakfast upstairs."

Retreating to her room, she let out a sigh of relief and happily ate her breakfast.

With that, she recalled Oliver's initial response to the sopas. It was quite strange.

Why did it seem like he was almost eager for it?

Natalie couldn't figure it out, and suddenly, flashbacks from the previous night flickered through her mind.

Seated on Oliver's lap, she felt the strength of his thighs beneath her, their skin nearly touching through the thin barrier of clothing. Such proximity and shared warmth... It was utterly maddening!

Reflecting on her desperate ploy from the previous night, she couldn't help but reconsider.

Oliver must despise her intensely, yet he hadn't killed her outright. It seemed like a stroke of divine intervention!

After finishing her breakfast, Natalie took her plate downstairs and found that Oliver was absent. She hurried to the kitchen, cleaned her dish, and placed it back in the sterilizer.

***

Before long, Natalie received a call from Sienna as anticipated.

As soon as the call connected, Sienna unleashed a barrage of insults, hurling vile names at Natalie—"slut," "bitch," "a pretentious fraud," along with menacing threats like "I'll kill you one day."

Natalie held the phone away from her ear. Sensing that Sienna had said her piece, she replied calmly, "Sienna, have you finished? Once you are, I have something to say."

"If you don't confess everything today, I'll make sure you regret it!" Sienna bellowed.

After Natalie's narrow escape last night, Sienna was beaten and scolded by Brian, losing all dignity in front of the prostitutes and subordinates.

"I wish to terminate the contract."

"What?" Sienna laughed derisively. "Natalie, who do you think you are? Can you afford the five million penalty fee? The Watson family sold you. They won't give you a penny!"

"I won't pay the penalty fee, but I wanna terminate the contract," Natalie stated calmly. "Sienna, when I returned to the company last night, I happened to see you and Mr. Zayn from the finance team getting intimate in the office. Your clothes were barely covering you, and it was incredibly provocative. I wonder how your husband would react if he found out about this."

Sienna's husband was a hot-tempered company CEO. If he ever discovered Sienna's infidelity, he would undoubtedly beat her and cast her out.

"Natalie, how dare you threaten me?"

Even through the phone, Natalie could sense Sienna's intense desire to kill her. Unfazed, she continued, "I've sent an audio clip to your email. Take a listen."

Sienna, with an expression of deep embarrassment, opened her email and began to listen to the conversation that started playing.

[How much did you give Sienna?]

[One million or so! Honestly, you're not the first woman Sienna has given to me.]

"Sienna, though our industry has its tacit norms, there are boundaries we shouldn't cross."

"Imagine if I were to publicize this audio clip. Would that persuade you to reconsider your path? Facing potential expulsion by your husband and likely dismissal from your position might just necessitate a career shift. Maybe it's time to reevaluate your choices."

"Natalie! You wouldn't dare post it! What is it that you want from me?" Sienna was fraught with panic, astonished by Natalie's sudden display of shrewdness after being under her thumb for six months.

"My dad has vested you with full control over my affairs, including the power to execute a contract termination," Natalie declared. "End our contract, and the events of today will be kept confidential."

"Very well! I'll terminate the contract!"

If Sienna terminate Natalie's contract, she would not only be burdened with the hefty five-million-dollar but also risk incurring the fury of CEO Robert.

But Sienna had no choice.

She silently swore to herself that she would, at some point, eliminate this troublesome girl from her life!

***

To outmaneuver Sienna's potential machinations, Natalie opted not to meet her in person. Instead, she requested that the termination contract be mailed directly to her.

It wasn't until Natalie held the termination contract, adorned with Sienna's handwritten signature and the embossed seal of G Entertainment, that reality truly dawned on her.

Her heart fluttered with elation, yet she restrained herself from leaping around the room in pure joy.

From that moment forward, she was no longer bound by the company's constraints and exploitation. She was free to pursue her dreams with fervor, earn money through her own endeavors, and support her younger brother independently.

Natalie snapped a photo of the termination contract and shared it with her best friend, Jane Watkins.

Jane came from the prestigious Watkins family in Paykston. However, their fortune dwindled overnight, plunging them into destitution. Jane's father met a tragic end, while her brother suffered severe injuries and sought treatment in Moalia.

Jane, who was once the queen bee of Paykston's social scene, fell from grace and found herself barred from traveling abroad. Despite numerous men vying for her affection, surprisingly, none managed to win her heart.

Jane quickly replied: [Great! What's your next move?]

Natalie: [The Top Avenue is next month. I'll take on some jobs to earn money in the meantime, and then I'll leave the Watson family with Lucas.]

Jane: [Count me in to help.]

Shortly afterward, Jane sent a link to Natalie. It was an advertisement for a car model recruitment event.

This large-scale car show was the most anticipated event in the second half of the year in the country. The main sponsor was the RisingKing Group, and the remuneration was generous.

However, there was a catch.

Car show models typically donned revealing attire, and other than on the runway, Natalie rarely accepted such exposure. But she needed money now.

She would simply opt for conservative outfits.

Natalie swiftly completed the online registration and sent a kiss emoji to Jane: [Thank you, Jane.]

Jane: [That's all right. We're in this together.]

The unwavering support and care from Natalie's friends filled her once desolate soul with warmth. These lovely and wonderful people were the sunshine and motivation in her life!

***

With renewed hope, she practiced even harder.

Every morning at six, Natalie would wake up and go for a jog. After her run, she'd find a cozy nook to stretch and practice her runway struts. Under the warm spray of her shower, she would stand in front of the fogged-up mirror, eyes ablaze with determination, rehearsing pose after pose.

Oliver, having wrapped up his own morning workout, couldn't help but notice that familiar figure perched in the corner of his regular route once again.

Natalie had one leg casually draped over the railing, the other firmly planted on the ground below. Her torso softly inclined, as if hugging the leg resting on the rail.

With her long, lean, perfectly straight limbs and slender waist, she was an irresistible sight to behold for anyone passing by.

"What are you up to again?"
###Chapter 16 What can you cook?
Natalie was in the middle of stretching her legs when a cold voice suddenly spoke from behind her.

Startled, she let out a scream. The voice was too close, right on her heels.

Losing her balance, she instinctively spun around and grabbed onto something to steady herself.

To her surprise, she found herself tightly clutching a piece of cloth.

Oliver was completely taken aback when Natalie suddenly grabbed his clothes. Caught off guard, he involuntarily leaned in, bringing her face inches closer.

Before he knew it, her soft lips had lightly brushed against the corner of his mouth.

Natalie's mind went completely blank. She blinked, not believing what had just happened and unsure of what she had felt against her lips.

Realizing what she had done, she pushed Oliver away abruptly.

"Oliver, I... It wasn't..." Natalie's cheeks flushed with nervousness and embarrassment, rendering her speechless.

Oliver's expression turned cold as if he were looking at a stranger. His gaze was icy, making Natalie feel like she was already dead to him.

If the last time at All Night Manor could be considered an accident, what about this time?

Was this another accident too?

Natalie had kissed Oliver first and then acted as if she was the victim, pushing him away.

She really knew how to put on an act!

"What's the matter?" Oliver's cold expression was tinged with sarcasm.

He took a step forward, causing Natalie to stumble back.

With her back against the railing, she had nowhere left to retreat.

"O-Oliver, you startled me by speaking that I lost my balance and accidentally fell onto you. It wasn't intentional!"

"You've been deliberately showing off every morning, trying to catch my eye, haven't you?" Oliver, who followed a routine of morning jogs, had noticed Natalie for two days in a row.

Natalie felt wrongly accused. She wasn't familiar with the surroundings and only circled the main building. How had that turned into flaunting herself in front of Oliver?

Suddenly came the sound of pouring water and the thud of the bottle.

Natalie, nervous, accidentally knocked the bottle of honey water on the railing, causing the sticky liquid to splash out, and it soaked Oliver's pants.

From his waist down to his thighs, they were all wet.

Anyone who was even slightly familiar with Oliver would know about his subtle obsession with cleanliness. Oliver's mood suddenly changed. "Natalie, you didn't succeed at All Night, so you're trying again, aren't you?"

'No wonder you're resorting to these damn tricks!' Oliver thought to himself.

Natalie's face flushed with embarrassment once again. Even if Oliver didn't believe her, she couldn't understand how she had ended up in such a predicament.

It wasn't intentional.

She really hadn't done it on purpose!

***

Ten minutes later.

Natalie was being dragged upstairs by Oliver, his expression gloomy.

With his towering frame and long legs, his strides were wide and swift. Despite Natalie's own considerable height, she struggled to match his pace, stumbling along behind him in a sorry state.

The servants exchanged knowing glances, and those with discerning eyes could tell that Natalie had once again displeased Oliver.

"Oliver, I swear, it was an accident!" Natalie pleaded as she was dragged into the master bedroom.

The room still oppressed her as much as it had the first time she stepped in.

"Take them off!" Oliver demanded, his expression stern.

The honey water had only soaked a small area, but to him, it felt like his entire body was tainted and grimy.

"Oliver, please... I... I..." Natalie couldn't bring herself to look at Oliver. "I'm on my period. I can't do that now."

"Cut the crap, or you'll find yourself flying out that window!" Oliver jabbed a finger toward the bedroom window.

Being thrown out that way wouldn't kill Natalie, but she'd likely end up badly hurt or disabled.

Natalie's spine turned to ice. This was Oliver's domain, and he had the power to make good on his threats. If he decided to throw her out, she could bleed to death, and no one would dare help without his say-so.

No, she couldn't give in. She couldn't die!

Lucas needed her!

With a forceful exhale, Natalie's fingers quivered as she reached for her waistband.

Oliver blurted out, "Natalie, are you kidding me?"

Seeing her resigned expression, he didn't know what she was thinking.

"Huh?"

"Take them off!" Oliver gestured to his soiled pants.

Snapping back to reality, Natalie nodded vigorously, barely containing her relief.

Thank heavens Oliver didn't mean for her to strip herself!

Just as this thought flickered through her mind, her relief vanished.

Take off Oliver's...pants?

Natalie hesitated, her gaze fixed on his...

"So you want me to take off your pants? Isn't that a bit inappropriate?"

" How dirty they are, but do you expect me to do it myself?" Oliver looked down at Natalie with an intimidating glare.

"I... I can help." Natalie reached out, her hand shaking visibly.

"Don't play games!" Oliver's sudden outburst made Natalie jolt, her hand shaking even more.

Natalie looked up, her eyes wide with fright, so mortified that her face turned crimson. She couldn't even manage to speak up for herself. After a moment's hesitation, she said, "I'm not playing games. You just gave me a scare."

As she was about to muster the courage to proceed, Oliver suddenly grabbed her hand and shoved it away forcefully.

Natalie stumbled back, shooting a venomous glare at the floor, too livid to voice anything but silent curses labeling Oliver a "lunatic."

"Get out!" Oliver barked as he marched straight into the bathroom.

The door slammed shut with a resounding bang.

After subjecting himself to an hour-long cold shower in an attempt to regain his composure, Oliver stepped out of the bathroom, unable to resist tracing his lips with his fingertips.

Over the years, countless women had crossed his path without so much as stirring a flicker of emotion, yet Natalie had managed the impossible. She had touched a part of him that no other woman had reached before.

Oliver silently cursed, feeling incredibly frustrated.

***

Natalie was riddled with anxiety. In her first twenty years, she had hardly ever made any significant mistakes. However, since arriving here, she had somehow managed to thoroughly and swiftly piss off Oliver.

Oliver was in a terrible mood, and the mealtime at the villa was unbearably tense.

Seated at the head of the dining table, legs crossed, Oliver glowered with cold fury and displeasure. He drummed his fingers on the table, producing a sharp sound that resonated like a war drum within his chest.

"How dare you serve me this?" he scoffed.

The antique dining table was laden with a medley of dishes, ranging from baked snails and scallops to white wine mussel soup, white sauce braised veal, fresh sashimi, and squid ink slices.

A global smorgasbord of culinary delights adorned the table, with ingredients painstakingly air-shipped to guarantee their ultimate freshness.

Yet, as Oliver tasted these delicacies, they all seemed tasteless.

The trio of chefs standing vigil beside the table quivered in fear.

They were all esteemed culinary masters, but having their creations dismissed as "this" was disheartening.

Having recently crossed Oliver, Natalie stood among the servants, rendered speechless. In her heart, she silently grumbled that he was truly a hard one to satisfy!

"You!" Oliver's gaze fell on Natalie.

Natalie nearly jumped, fearing he had caught her repulsed expression earlier.

"Go and prepare me a meal." After Oliver spoke, he gestured for someone to clear the dishes from the table.

His anorexia often left all food tasting bland, but the morning sopas had awakened his taste buds and satisfied his palate.

"You said my cooking was terrible..." Natalie mumbled, hands tightly clasped, feeling somewhat reluctant.

"What?" Oliver looked up at her.

"What would you like to eat?" Natalie hastily plastered on a fake smile.

She had spoken so softly, yet Oliver heard her.

"What can you cook?" Oliver inquired.
###Chapter 17 Strictly business!
"Just some simple home-cooked meals," Natalie replied.

She was adept at cooking a variety of international cuisines, and she could easily manage appetizers, side dishes, and main courses. However, her favorite dishes to prepare were home-cooked meals and various types of desserts, and she could probably replicate the ones that were currently on the table.

Oliver nodded, seeming agreeable. "Well, whatever."

Natalie detested it when people said "Whatever."

Could that be considered a dish?

Natalie's culinary skills were impressive, and she boasted millions of followers on Instagram, but Oliver harbored disdain even for dishes made by top chefs, so he undoubtedly wouldn't appreciate what she cooked.

Most likely, he just wanted her to engage in some hard labor!

There weren't many ingredients left in the kitchen, so Natalie took the remaining mushrooms and concocted a savory dish of braised mushrooms with oyster sauce. There was also prime beef loin nearby, which Natalie sliced into thin strips. There was fresh mantis shrimp that could be transformed into a flavorful shrimp paste.

While waiting, Oliver was so hungry that his stomach ached. He found himself unable to concentrate on the company files and inexplicably got up and wandered toward the kitchen.

A slender and graceful figure was hunched over, dicing vegetables. Her apron highlighted her slender waist, and her long hair was casually held to the left with a black elastic band.

Bathed in sunlight, her profile was beautiful and indescribably tender. Her fingers moved nimbly as she handled the knife with skill.

The beef strips were sliced with precision, and the mushrooms were prepared without compromising their appearance. The shrimp paste was crafted effortlessly.

It was evident that Natalie was no stranger to cooking.

Oliver couldn't help but frown.

He had never paid any attention to the Watson family's affairs and knew nothing about Natalie, but she shouldn't be so gentle and virtuous before him.

"Oliver, do you eat spicy food?" Natalie caught sight of Oliver watching her and seized the opportunity to inquire.

"Yes, I do."

Originally, Oliver didn't have any specific taste preferences, but due to his aversion to food, he happened to enjoy spicy dishes.

"Oh." Natalie put down the red chili pepper she had just picked up and switched to carrots. As she shredded them, she remarked, "You have a stomach issue, so it's not suitable for you to eat spicy food."

Oliver was at a loss for words. Was Natalie doing it deliberately?

Natalie concentrated on cooking and failed to notice Oliver's gloomy gaze at the kitchen door.

Oliver felt that Natalie was doing it on purpose!

Liam stood with his hands clasped in front of him, a hint of amusement sparkling in his slightly weathered eyes.

He never imagined that Natalie would be able to make Oliver back down.

Three dishes and a vegetable soup were completed in no time.

The three chefs looked down their noses at the utterly unremarkable home-cooked dishes. Oliver started eating with his fork, his eyes widening in shock.

The dishes crafted by top chefs were unpalatable. However, Natalie's cooking sparked an unexpected appetite and satisfaction within Oliver.

It seemed that the issue wasn't with the food but with the person.

"Natalie."

"Hmm?"

Hearing this, Natalie instinctively braced herself for another critique of her cooking.

"From now on, you're responsible for cooking my three meals."

Natalie couldn't resist teasing Oliver, "Aren't you worried I might use cooking as an excuse to seduce you?"

But it didn't matter to her. Cooking was a piece of cake for her. After all, it was her hobby.

She just hoped Oliver didn't trouble her and ignored her completely.

***

Unaware of Oliver's culinary preferences, Natalie would prepare different dishes each day, keeping in mind the potential for his health issues. The focus was on wholesome, nourishing meals.

When Oliver wasn't around at the estate, a discreet assistant named Collin Charles would show up in Oliver's Porsche, punctually half an hour before mealtime, to fetch the food.

After lunch, Natalie would make her way to the garden for her mandatory, model-like exercise routine.

One day, as she was leaving the garden, she overheard two maids whispering nearby.

"Even we rank higher than Natalie. She sleeps alone and plays the cook. Bet Mr. Windsor just sees her as a free servant!"

"You didn't see what she made that morning. Serving such food to Mr. Windsor was hilarious!"

"I heard Natalie used to be with Mr. Windsor's nephew, Adrian. For outsiders, it looks like Mr. Windsor is picking up where his nephew left off. Only Mr. Windsor could put up with her!"

***

Natalie lowered her gaze and chuckled softly. It seemed like now everyone thought they could push her around.

She strode over confidently.

The two maids turned pale with fright when they suddenly saw Natalie. "Mrs. Windsor."

Natalie offered a faint smile, her voice imbued with a tender, crystalline clarity that commanded respect. She declared, "I'm merely a cast-off woman, unworthy of bearing that esteemed title."

"We're sorry, Mrs. Windsor! We were wrong! We shouldn't have spoken out of turn!" The maids bowed down before Natalie, their legs quivering under the weight of their remorse.

Though Natalie might've fallen from favor, she remained the rightful and legitimate lady of the manor, bound in matrimony to Oliver. To challenge the established order within these walls was to court expulsion, cast out as refuse.

"In the future, should you feel the urge to indulge in idle chatter," Natalie advised with a hint of admonishment, "seek a more discreet place, one where the subject of your discourse won't be privy to your whispers."

After saying this, Natalie turned and walked away, her posture regal and frigid, like a figure in a painting.

She was never one to be underestimated.

Liam observed everything from the second-floor window and gave a nod of approval before reporting back to Marjorie.

It was Marjorie who had orchestrated this marriage.

***

Ever since Natalie had "coerced" Oliver into a kiss at All Night Manor, Isaac had been concerned for him.

Wyatt harbored a secret about a girl that was off-limits to discussion, and he wouldn't compromise her, but Isaac could suggest a potential match for Oliver.

Much to his surprise, he stumbled upon the perfect opportunity.

Consequently, he made his way to the CEO's office at the RisingKing Group's headquarters, armed with pertinent details to seek out Oliver.

Oliver was engrossed in scrutinizing reports dispatched from a foreign division. They were bilingual, yet he navigated through them with consummate ease. Whenever an aspect didn't sit well with him, he discarded it with nonchalant strokes.

"It's been a handful of days since your wedding. How are you and your wife getting along?" Isaac pondered that if Oliver's matrimonial life was blissful, proffering Natalie would be ill-advised.

Natalie, once again...

For Oliver, Natalie's influence felt somewhat unbridled, and in merely a matter of days, his existence had undergone a radical transformation.

Irritably, he glanced upwards and barked, "Spit it out if you've got something to say; otherwise, scram."

"Strictly business!" It appeared as though Oliver wasn't seeing eye to eye with his wife!
###Chapter 18 Natalie, why not talk to me?
That was likely the case.

Oliver had always been a luminary, blessed with prodigious intellect and remarkable gifts. He skipped grades to middle school at the age of seven and was accepted by a world-famous university at ten. He had always been strikingly handsome. Hailey took immense pride in her status, boasting, "I'll marry Oliver when I grow up. If you defy me, trust me, he'll destroy your family business."

Everything had changed since Oliver had an accident at the age of fifteen. Rumor had it that he had stayed in the premier ICU of Moalia for a month, enduring successive operations before finally clawing his way back from the brink. However, his well-being and appearance were grievously marred.

Since then, Hailey had ceased all mention of him, eager to sever ties with him.

How could such a superficial, mercenary woman pique Oliver's interest?

Isaac promptly fished out his mobile and showed Oliver a photo.

Oliver was well aware that Isaac's regard for women was more casual than serious. He would only cast an appreciative glance if they were beautiful and toy with them at his leisure. Thus, Oliver nonchalantly eyed the picture.

At the first glimpse, his attention was abruptly seized.

Captured within the frame was a woman poised on a runway. The vivid red fluffy skirt she wore was not notably remarkable, yet upon her, it seemed to radiate an instant air of refinement.

The lady possessed exquisite features and stood impassively. She carried herself with an aura of detachment the night at the club.

Yet, in this photo, she exuded nobility tempered with gentleness, reminiscent of a princess.

It mirrored the essence of the candid shots taken in the comfort of home.

"Do you recognize her?" Isaac could tell from Oliver's expression that recognition had dawned, and unmistakable interest had sparked regarding this young lady!

In the past, Oliver wouldn't even spare a glance at a hot girl like this.

Isaac, brimming with enthusiasm, began an elaborate introduction about the woman who had captivated Oliver's attention. "This lady's name is Natalie Watson. She's twenty, standing at 5 feet 9 inches. She's an ideal counterpart for you! Don't let her dainty frame deceive you. She boasts a C-cup! She truly embodies the epitome of proportion—ample bosom, slender waist, and long limbs. She's inherently destined for the modeling realm and harbors the potential to soar as an international supermodel!"

He continued, "She was previously under contract with Yancy Models, and her club appearance was likewise orchestrated by the agency. However, she severed ties with Yancy a few days ago. Eager to unearth the tale? She dug up some dirt on the agent and forced her to terminate her contract without any compensation!"

Delving deeper, Isaac would uncover that Natalie was Oliver's wife, whom he had never met before.

"What do you think of Natalie?"

"Wanna be a matchmaker? I could lend a hand." Oliver regarded Isaac with a frigid stare.

"Umm... Never mind." Isaac promptly clamped his mouth shut. His venture into matchmaking was solely confined to Oliver.

For the sake of Oliver's happiness and satisfaction, Isaac decided to orchestrate Natalie's transition to his own company, thereby providing Oliver with an opportunity to draw nearer to Natalie.

'I'm the paragon of a best friend! Where else would Oliver chance upon such a good friend?' Isaac thought to himself.

Just then, Oliver's phone vibrated. A new message had just arrived.

It was from Marjorie.

[Oliver, we have a family banquet the day after tomorrow. Why not bring your wife back?]

Marjorie was convalescing in Moalia.

Oliver recollected the talk he had shared with Isaac. He had never expected Natalie to manage to terminate the contract without any penalty. Her strategic prowess remained unbeknownst to him.

What if she were to return to the Windsor's place unaccompanied?

At the Windsor family's banquet, Adrian, who stood as an in-law through marriage to the Windsor family, would also be present. Oliver was curious about what Natalie would do.

***

"Go to the Windsor's place alone?" Natalie's eyes widened in astonishment as she heard Oliver's suggestion.

The frigid and scornful visages of the Windsor family members, etched in her memory from the wedding, flickered through her thoughts. A profound dread took root within her.

"Aren't you going?" A sliver of hopefulness resonated in Natalie's voice.

Oliver cast a dispassionate look her way, drew deeply on his cigarette, and with an air of arrogance, expelled smoke rings into the air.

"I'm frail and susceptible to ailments, so it ill suits me to venture outdoors."

"You..." Natalie sucked in a deep breath, stifling the words "you shameless bastard" that threatened to escape her lips.

The Windsor family of Paykston stood as the most eminent family in the nation, their prestige acknowledged across international boundaries, their clout and authority spanning the globe. Since the turn of the last century, they had upheld a highly esteemed familial legacy.

Their estate was an imposing blend of different architectural styles, its multi-tiered buildings exuding an aura of timeworn grandeur upon approach. Moreover, it emanated a formidable, overwhelming presence.

"Madam, we've arrived," Charles reminded Natalie to get out of the car.

The tall and solemn mansion's double doors were wide open, with guards and servants standing outside. Friendly conversations and laughter wafted through the open doors, creating a harmonious atmosphere.

"Mrs. Windsor, welcome." A servant gestured for Natalie to enter. His soft words attracted everyone's attention. All guests in the main hall turned to look at her.

There were about ten people inside, all dressed in designer clothing, exuding an air of nobility.

As they glanced at the entrance and confirmed that Mrs. Natalie Windsor had arrived, they started unabashedly scrutinizing her, their gazes filled with disdain and contempt.

It was just like at the wedding all over again.

Natalie dragged her feet as she shockingly stared at two people not far away.

Why...would Adrian and Hailey be here?

"Mrs. Windsor, this is Sir Windsor, Mr. Oliver's father. This is Ms. Victoria, Mr. Oliver's elder sister. This is Mr. Edwin, Mr. Oliver's elder brother. This is Mr. Adrian, Ms. Victoria's son. And this is Mr. Adrian's girlfriend, Ms. Hailey," Charles introduced them one by one.

The Windsor family's relationships were complicated.

Oliver was Henry's legitimate son, born to his legal wife while Edwin was Henry's illegitimate son. His mother only married Henry shortly before her death. The eldest child, Victoria was Henry's favorite as her mother was Henry's first love. Instead of marrying up, she married into the Harrington family and gave birth to Adrian. And it didn't undermine her power in the Windsor family. As a result, Adrian also held a high position within the Windsor family.

Henry had another son, Arthur Windsor. Arthur was the youngest and shared the same mother with Oliver, but he wasn't at home today.

Natalie quickly collected herself, pretending not to recognize Adrian and Hailey. She politely greeted the Windsors one by one.

"Where's Oliver?" Henry asked with a scowl.

"Henry, Oliver is unwell and couldn't make it." Natalie had thought of an excuse before coming over.

"He's your husband. You can't convince him to accompany you for our first meeting? Does he even like you a bit?" Henry didn't hide his disdain towards Natalie as he expected her to soften Oliver up with her good look.

"Maybe he's sick. Maybe he doesn't wanna come. Who knows." Victoria elegantly smoothed a strand of hair.

She was in her early forties. Due to the magic of skincare, she only looked like someone in her thirties, with hardly any signs of aging. She had a beautiful face that bore a striking resemblance to her son, Adrian.

"Dad, it's not news that Oliver doesn't like the Windsor family and us. Look, this is a family gathering. He doesn't bother to come and only sent his wife." Edwin resembled Henry a lot and looked polished in a pair of rimless glasses.

Henry's scowl deepened. Words from Oliver's siblings made him more convinced that Oliver was intentionally disrespecting him. He looked at Natalie in a more disdainful manner.

"Well, forget him. Let's eat."

Within a few minutes, Natalie had known that Oliver was an outcast in his family.

Hailey cast a glance at Adrian, finding he was staring at Natalie.

"Natalie, why not talk to me?" Hailey walked towards her, holding her hands, and said in grief. "Are you still mad at me?"
###Chapter 19 Why is she mad at you?
Victoria was quite satisfied with Hailey as she was the only girl Adrian had brought home. She asked, "Why is she mad at you?"

"Victoria, Natalie and I are actually half-sisters," Hailey said in a gentle tone, lowering her head. "She used to be into Adrian before."

"Half-sisters?" Victoria sneered, pondering over these words.

"So, she's a bastard daughter! I can't believe a lowlife like her has the audacity to like Adrian. Thankfully, Adrian didn't fall for your debauched tricks!" Victoria exclaimed.

Hailey was well-known in the high society circles of the Paykston as the legitimate daughter of the Watson family.

Ironically, as she insulted Natalie, Victoria completely forgot that she herself was also a bastard daughter.

Henry didn't like Oliver. And Oliver marrying a bastard daughter was a disgrace to the Windsor family's name, making it more unacceptable for Henry. If the marriage wasn't Marjorie's idea, he would have thrown Natalie out immediately!

Edwin didn't say anything, but his disdain and mockery were evident in his eyes.

"Hailey, have you forgotten? One of us had to marry Oliver. If it wasn't me, then you'd be his bride," Natalie said, knowing that Hailey had intentionally embarrassed her. So, she wouldn't feel sorry for retorting.

Natalie's words captured everyone's attention, and all eyes fixed on Hailey.

When the Windsor family and the Watson family made the marriage arrangement, it wasn't specified which daughter of the Watson family was to marry the legitimate son of the Windsor family. However, logically speaking, it should be the legitimate daughter of the Watson family, not the bastard daughter.

Hailey hesitated for a moment but quickly devised an excuse to defend herself. She remarked, "Natalie, it was your decision to marry Oliver. Are you regretting it just because you discovered he's not as good as Adrian? But you're already his wife, so you can't have second thoughts!"

The Windsors' expressions instantly changed as they glared at Natalie.

"A typical bastard daughter. Cunning and calculating!" Victoria looked at Natalie like scum. "Listen, you're not good enough for Adrian! Not ever!"

In just a few minutes, Natalie became the target of blame.

Hailey subtly curled her lips when people weren't watching and thought, 'Natalie, how naïve of you that you think you can win against me!'

"Hailey, I have never said that I regretted marrying Oliver. He's a good husband. I'm not like you. Please don't put words in my mouth," Natalie retorted.

Although Oliver had a bad temper, he was still better than Adrian, who was a total hypocrite.

"Don't play coy!" Victoria snapped at Natalie as she still believed that Natalie liked Adrian.

Henry's gaze shifted from Natalie to Adrian and Hailey, and he said, "Stop arguing. She seems to be a good match for Oliver, which suits us well, as Hailey and Adrian are in love with each other."

Hailey's smile widened as she heard Henry's approval.

Everyone entered the dining hall and took their seats in order.

As Oliver's wife, Natalie should have had a better seat, but she was assigned the worst seat. Throughout the meal, they froze Natalie out as if she was an outsider. While everyone else chatted and laughed, Natalie sat alone at the end of the table.

"Adrian, eat this. It's your favorite!" Hailey used her fork to serve Adrian dishes, her voice gentle and sweet.

"Look at these two lovebirds, Dad!" Victoria smiled.

Henry nodded with a smile, seemingly satisfied.

Edwin gracefully chimed in, "Adrian and Hailey are a perfect match."

Undoubtedly, Edwin said it as a snide remark against Natalie too as she had been told that she wasn't good enough for Adrian.

And their approval of Hailey marrying Adrian once again showed how little they valued Oliver.

Oliver was the legitimate son and Adrian wasn't even a Windsor. Still, they deemed Adrian deserved a better wife.

Natalie suddenly realized that perhaps that wedding was not only embarrassing for her but also for Oliver within the Windsor family.

As she observed the Windsors, a sense of sadness and sympathy unexpectedly welled up in her heart—Oliver had grown up in such a toxic environment.

No one noticed that Charles had quietly left the mansion.

Outside the Windsor's mansion, a black and imposing Maybach was parked in a dark corner. The guards turned a blind eye and did not inform anyone inside the mansion.

Charles reported to the man inside the Maybach about what had happened inside the mansion.

"She managed to keep calm and even said I was a good husband?" Surprised, Oliver raised an eyebrow, his hand caressing a delicate silver mask.

When Natalie was with him, she was as harmless as a pussy cat. However, it seemed that she wasn't a pushover.

Interesting.

"Mr. Oliver, there's one more thing," Charles frowned briefly before returning to his usual stony expression. "The Watson family has another daughter. She may be the one who was supposed to marry you."

Oliver looked up.

Seeing that he had Oliver's attention, Charles continued, "Her name is Hailey. She is the legitimate daughter of Robert and his current wife. And she's dating Adrian now."

Oliver's lips curled up slightly, and an icy cold mask appeared on his extraordinarily handsome face.

"Find out everything about this within an hour."

"Yes."

Oliver got out of the car, his every move filled with swagger.

As he walked toward the mansion, he put on his silver mask.

The guards showed no surprise as they saw Oliver's unharmed face and all respectfully saluted him.

The staff of the Windsor's mansion had long been replaced by Oliver's men.

***

Hailey was warmly welcomed by everyone in the Windsor family while Natelie got the cold shoulder.

Natalie didn't mind. After the meal, she strolled around the garden to burn the calories.

"Natalie!"

She first heard the shout of her name behind her then the hurried footsteps. Adrian was fast approaching.

Natalie knew it was him without looking. He had been stealing glances at her during the meal, causing Hailey to shoot daggers at Natalie.

Determined to avoid him, Natalie furrowed her brows and quickened her pace. But it was too late.

Adrian stopped her by grabbing her wrist.

"Natalie, you tried so hard to please him! What has he done? He sent you here by yourself! He wasn't there for you when you were mocked and insulted. Natalie, you brought this to yourself."

Adrian's eyes were blazing with anger, and his handsome face twisted in a rage.

Natalie stared at his face and started to think it was getting ugly as she'd seen his hideous soul underneath.

What a troublemaker!

"Adrian." Natalie's cold gaze was filled with mockery. "Hailey is greatly beloved in the Watson family. She gets whatever she wants. Have you ever thought about why I could steal her fiancé so easily?

"Adrian, everyone but you have the right to blame me. When I needed you the most, you were busy with Hailey. You told me that you must take responsibility for her!"



###Chapter 20 Please don't take it seriously!
"Natalie, I..." Adrian had a sudden enlightenment. Guilt swarmed him.

He said that he would take responsibility for Hailey because it was his libido talking.

Thinking about Natalie's question, Adrian suddenly connected the dots. His eyes filled not only with astonishment but also with joy.

"Natalie, are you saying that you never wanted to marry Oliver? Did Hailey make you take her place? If you didn't marry Oliver of your free will, come back to me! Oliver hasn't slept with you, right? I doubt his tattered body can handle the task."

Adrian didn't notice Natalie's hostile attitude and reached for her hand.

Natalie discreetly pushed his hand away, thinking to herself, 'I don't want his filthy hands on me! He slept with Hailey, claiming that he would take responsibility for her. Now, he wants me back? Who's gonna be the other woman in this relationship? Me or Hailey?'

"Adrian, I will not reconcile with you. It's impossible."

"Why?" Adrian didn't understand. "Oliver is disfigured, and he's dying. No one in the Windsor family likes that pathetic loser! What do you see in him? Natalie, I understand. You spoke nice things about Oliver to please them. But you can always tell me the truth! I know you hate Oliver!"

"Who said that I was lying to please them?" Natalie feigned a sweet smile. "Adrian, disfigured or not, Oliver has never cheated on me. He's in poor health, but I will take care of him. Even though his family doesn't like him, I do!"

She paused, acting shy. "How would you say for sure that Oliver couldn't get it up? Have you tested him? I'm telling you from first-hand experience that he can do it all night long!"

Adrian was so furious that he choked on his breathing.

"Natalie, I know you are saying these things just to anger me." Adrian didn't believe her. "You're still mad at me because of Hailey? That night was really a misunderstanding!"

"If that night was a misunderstanding, what about the times after that? Were every kiss and every time you slept with her all misunderstandings?" Natalie couldn't hold back her temper.

"Adrian, if you couldn't think clearly and constantly caused misunderstandings for over a month, I suggest that you get your brain checked."

"Natalie!"

Embarrassed and furious, Adrian strode toward Natalie.

He was determined to shut Natalie up with a searing kiss as every word out of her mouth would only anger him further.

Natalie noticed that his eyes were burning with wrath and desire and scurried backward in shock.

Before she could take another step back, she slammed into a man behind her. The person grabbed her and pulled her into strong arms.

She could feel the person's solid muscles and taut skin through their thin clothes. And the sense of power of this embrace made her feel safe.

Her nostrils were filled with a familiar and alluring scent with a hint of tobacco.

"Darling, you neglect to tell him that I can do it all day too."

Oliver's calm and low voice sounded behind her.

Natalie's body tensed. She felt his hand encircling her waist, his breath gently fanning the top of her head, causing her to tremble.

When she turned around, she didn't see Oliver's handsome face as she expected. Instead, she saw a delicate silver mask. It extended from his forehead to his strong jawline, covering the entire left side of his face.

She could only see a part of his right cheek and his eyes. Looking into his calm eyes, she couldn't detect any emotions, but she surely felt his power. One might think that only someone from the freezing hell could possess such eyes.

Given the rumors about Oliver, people might assume that Oliver's mask was a cover for his disfigured face. But Natalie knew better.

"Oliver?! I-I thought you weren't coming over!" Even though she couldn't see his face, Natalie knew the man was Oliver.

No one else exuded such a dominant and arrogant aura.

"Darling, didn't I satisfy you during the daytime too?" Oliver asked again, his voice grew huskier, making it more captivating.

Oliver didn't expect to hear such a provocative announcement from Natalie when he came to fetch her.

"I...I don't... You..." Natalie flushed violently in a second. She wanted to explain, but...

"You what?" Oliver raised an eyebrow, his tone carrying a hint of warning.

Natalie resignedly nodded, thinking, 'Whatever you say!'

She really didn't want to discuss this topic with him!

"Ol...Uncle." Adrian looked at Oliver with an embarrassed expression. Just a moment ago, he was casually calling him Oliver. But he didn't dare to do so in front of Oliver and could only obediently call him Uncle.

And...Oliver was standing behind Natalie, his posture a show of absolute protection and possession!

Maybe...they really had slept together?!

Oliver glanced at Adrian aloofly, as if he was merely a servant, and said, "Adress Natalie properly."

"Uncle Oliver, Natalie and I are friends, and we..."

Oliver's expression darkened, and he cut Adrian off. "Adrian, she's your aunt-in-law. You should call her Aunt Natalie."

Adrian reluctantly turned to Natalie before muttering, "Aunt Natalie."

The title left Natalie both amused and satisfied in an indescribable way.

Just a few minutes ago, Adrian was acting all tough, yet now he had to respect Natalie despite how reluctant he was.

"Why are you still here? Natalie and I are gonna have a moment. Do you wanna stay and watch us?" Oliver seemed inexplicably displeased by Adrian's enamored gaze and shielded Natalie from Adrian.

Natalie didn't pay attention to Oliver's unusual affectionate attitude toward her. "Adrian, Hailey must be looking for you."

She was implying that he should leave.

Natalie and Oliver were acting like a real couple and it was driving Adrian crazy.

"Uncle Oliver, since you're back, you should say hi to Grandfather. I'm going." Adrian glanced at Natalie with mixed feelings and left with long strides, fists clenching by his sides.

As he walked away, he thought, 'What was so good about that ugly freak Oliver?

'He couldn't even show his face in public and he could have Natalie. Why couldn't I?'

Suddenly, Adrian had an idea and it cheered him up greatly. 'As Oliver can sleep with her, I can too.'

The Windsor's mansion was lush and serene.

After Adrian's departure, Natalie felt the power and strength emanating from Oliver even more distinctly.

She bit her lip and tried to break free from his embrace, but with a single movement, he pushed her against the rockery. Trapped between him and the rockery, she couldn't move. Oliver's presence became even more overwhelming.

"You'll take care of me and you like me?"

Oliver found Natalie's awkward and helpless demeanor quite pleasing to the eye.

Growing up, it was the first time Oliver knew what it felt like to be protected by someone.

In the eyes of others, Oliver was so powerful that he didn't need protection.

Even when he was merely a child, he never showed any signs of weakness.

Natalie was unlike others. She was defenseless in front of him, but she called him a good husband and told his family that she would like him even though all of them didn't.

Oliver couldn't come up with a proper description of his feelings when Charles repeated her words to him.

Like a clear spring flowing through barren soil?

Like dawn breaking through the darkness?

Perhaps these words are a little exaggerated, but he definitely felt something similar.

"It's not... Oliver, I didn't know what I was talking about earlier! Please don't take it seriously!" Natalie was afraid of his reaction.
###Chapter 21 What can I do for you, sir?
Oliver's face instantly darkened. He grabbed Natalie's delicate chin and forced her to meet his gaze.

Natalie held her breath, her clear eyes blinking rapidly. Her fluttering eyelashes exposed the fear in her heart.

Did she just say it casually? Oliver suddenly felt bored, released her, and turned to walk towards the main building.

"Oliver, where are you going?"

"Follow me."

Natalie followed behind him, her gaze falling on his mask. Was he intentionally hiding his true appearance?

Even the Windsor family didn't know that he hadn't been disfigured. He had kept it a secret since he was fifteen, for a whole ten years... Such a man was someone a powerful force to be reckoned with!

As Natalie tailed behind Oliver, they reached the main building. Victoria's voice came from inside.

"Dad, let's talk about Oliver. He never bothers to come home for family dinners, and now he marries someone who is not up to our standards at all. If he doesn't show you respect, why should you? In my opinion, you can remove Ms. Norton from the family cemetery and give her spot to Mom!"

Natalie remembered that Oliver's mother's surname was Norton. Liam had told her.

Before Natalie could react, she saw Oliver take a step forward and raise his right hand...

A gunshot rang through the hall.

Victoria's painful scream followed.

"Mom!"

"Ms. Victoria!"

In an instant, the hall was in chaos with various loud sounds.

Victoria curled up on the ground in agony, her right leg trembling and blood gushing out from her wounded thigh.

By her side, Oliver stood coldly with a gun in his right hand, his expression indifferent and menacing, as if he were not the one who had just shot his sister.

"Oliver!"

Recovering from the shock, Henry angrily kicked Oliver. He glared at Oliver like an enemy and said, "Have you gone crazy?!"

Seeing the man in a silver mask, others fell silent.

Except for Hailey, who was visiting the Windsor family for the first time, everyone else was watching Oliver in fear.

Oliver casually slid his hand into his pocket and calmly locked eyes with Henry. Obviously, he wasn't intimidated by Henry.

Looking at the smug expression on Oliver's face, Natalie sensed that he wasn't afraid of anyone or anything at that moment.

"Dad, it hurts! My leg hurts!" Victoria trembled in pain and was drenched in cold sweat. But she still remembered that Henry was the only person who could save her.

A few seconds later, Henry averted his gaze in frustration and shouted, "Call a doctor!"

"Nobody moves." Oliver's gaze lightly swept over the servants.

The servants lowered their heads and didn't dare to continue their work.

"Victoria, I'll call a doctor for you!" Hailey had never met Oliver before. She thought, 'All the important figures in the Windsor family are here. This masked man couldn't be more powerful than the prestigious Windsors.

'This is my opportunity to show my worth as Victoria is Adrian's mother. She's gonna be my future mother-in-law!'

Before Hailey could take a step, there was another gunshot.

"Ouch!"

Hailey screamed, her face turning pale with fear. Her legs buckled violently and she didn't dare to move.

A black bullet was lodged in her shoe, narrowly missing her foot. There was a hole in her wide-legged pants.

Oliver shot Hailey a look sarcastically, confident that she wouldn't try to help Victoria again. He handed the gun to Natalie and commanded, "Take it."

"OK..." Natalie blinked and received the gun with both hands. The scorching heat from the barrel nearly burned her trembling hands.

"Uncle Oliver, how could you shoot Mom? Get a doctor for her immediately!"

Adrian's face turned extremely embarrassed, but he didn't dare to make any rash moves.

Oliver didn't even spare Adrian a glance and slowly strode toward Victoria.

"Hey, Victoria. Did you just suggest removing Mom from the family cemetery?" Oliver's voice was low and soft.

"Yes! Dad never loved her. With her family's power, she forced Dad to marry her!" Victoria shouted, suppressing her pain.

Oliver lowered his gaze and chuckled, sending shivers down everyone's spine.

In the next moment, his leather shoe stomped on Victoria's fingers and started grinding. The manor's courtyard echoed with Victoria's screams of agony. In comparison, Oliver's calm face seemed more gruesome.

Natalie was so shocked that she could hardly breathe. She finally understood why the Windsors' expressions changed drastically upon seeing Oliver.

Natalie had heard of Oliver's bad temper, but seeing it firsthand sent shivers down her spine. In hindsight, his previous treatment of her seemed truly kind.

"Oliver, she's your sister! Let her go!"

Henry felt sorry for Victoria and tried to persuade Oliver but failed. Others did not dare to approach Oliver.

Adrian could only watch helplessly as Oliver tortured Victoria. Unfortunately, he had no power over Oliver.

Meanwhile, Natalie was not only shocked by Oliver's ferocity but she was also shocked by Adrian's cowardice. After all, Victoria was Adrian's mother. Yet, Adrian did not dare to openly defy Oliver. She could not help but wonder why she fell for such a coward earlier.

"Victoria?" Oliver said indifferently. Looking down at her like a king surveying his servant, he asked, "Do you know what you did wrong?"

"I'm sorry!" The pain and fear of death completely destroyed Victoria. The tough woman was gone. She immediately begged for mercy, and her previous arrogance was nowhere to be found.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry, Oliver! I shouldn't have disrespected your mother! Please forgive me!"

"My mother isn't someone you can speak ill of," Oliver warned as he finally reined in his wrath. Then, he said to the crowd, "Call a doctor. Hopefully, she won't lose a limb."

He sounded so sincere, acting like he was not the culprit of Victoria's injuries.

Shivering, a servant looked at Henry for confirmation before dashing off to call the doctor.

"All of you, stay. Since I'm back, let's have a meal together."

Oliver's order eliminated their hope of using Victoria as an excuse to flee.

Adrian was furious, but he had to suck it up. He said, "Oliver... Uncle Oliver, I think I shall accompany Mom to the hospital."

Oliver sneered, "You think?"

No one forbade Adrian to have such thoughts. But thinking about it was enough. In other words, no matter what Adrian wanted, Oliver's order came first.

Soon, Victoria was brought away, and the bloody floor was swiftly wiped clean by the servants. In just a few minutes, everything returned to normal. Apart from Victoria's absence, no traces of what had just happened could be seen.

At this moment, Oliver beckoned to Natalie. "Come here."

Natalie collected herself immediately. She assumed he was asking for the gun, so she quickly walked over and handed the cold gun to him with both hands.

"Hold on to it," Oliver said. When he saw her pale face, he could not help but tease her with a mocking smile, "Are you scared?"

"Eh...No."

Natalie nodded instinctively, but then she shook her head after realizing the situation. She thought, 'Oliver is truly a demon!'

Oliver wasn't convinced.

He knew what she was thinking about, but he chose not to expose her. Instead, he glanced at the maid standing nearby.

The maid understood immediately and asked respectfully, "What can I do for you, sir?"
###Chapter 22 What is your duty?
"Take her to the room."

"Yes," the maid replied before she gestured for Natalie to follow. "Madam, this way please."

Natalie followed the maid upstairs without complaint.

Meanwhile, Hailey had been staring at Oliver since he shot her. At first, her gaze was filled with fear. However, her curiosity and her desire for conquest gradually won over. For some reason, she started having strong feelings for Oliver.

"Oliver, follow me to the study," Henry huffed in a low voice.

Having no interest in speaking to Henry, Oliver scoffed and walked away.

Oliver's repeated humiliation made Henry's face turn red in anger, his chest rising and falling rapidly.

"Adrian, who is that man?" Hailey could not help but ask as she watched Oliver's tall figure walk away.

That man was taller than Adrian and had a more imposing aura. Not to mention that Adrian was wary of him. Before that night, Adrian was the most outstanding man Hailey had seen in her twenty-one years of life. But this man had changed her mind.

To the Windsor family, Oliver was indeed a rabid dog.

"He's Oliver!" Adrian spat. "What a rabid dog!"

'He...He's Oliver?!' Hailey covered her mouth in shock.

She thought, 'No wonder he's wearing a mask. He has been disfigured.

'However, he looks quite fit, not frail at all. A fine man like him... If it weren't for that accident ten years ago, he would definitely be popular!'

Hailey still remembered her first encounter with Oliver when she was young. He was remarkable, both in looks and talent.

She thought, 'What a pity...'

Adrian was still seething. He grew angrier when he saw the wistful look on Hailey's face. He asked, "What's wrong?"

Hailey quickly reined in her emotions and exclaimed angrily, "Nothing! That man is so arrogant! Who does he think he is, ordering us around? He was just an outcast in the family, right?"

After learning Oliver's identity, Hailey was irritated by his dominant position in the Windsor family as Adrian was completely overshadowed by him.

That man was...her ex-fiancé!

There was no way that she could remain calm when her former fiancé defeated her current boyfriend with his presence alone!

Adrian was annoyed, and his patience was running thin. He thought, 'What a stupid woman!' Irritated by Hailey's complaints, he said rudely, "Shut up! Stay away from him. Don't provoke him. You don't know what he's capable of. If he goes after you, no one will be able to save you!"

Hailey was initially puzzled by Adrian's behavior, but she quickly figured out the reason behind his anger. After all, she knew how to read the room quite well.

Wrapping her arms around Adrian's waist, she cooed, "Adrian, I know you're only putting up with Oliver because he's your uncle and he's rather pitiful. Moreover, he's disfigured, and he won't live for long. In a year or two, he won't even deserve to talk to you."

Her words made Adrian think, 'Indeed. Even though the Norton family is powerful. So what? It won't support Oliver forever. He is disliked by the Windsor family, and the Norton has its own heir. Now, with the powerful Norton family, he acts like he has no fear in the world, but he doesn't dare to harm the Windsor family.

'Oliver is bound to be a complete loser!'

***

The maid led Natalie to a room at the end of the second floor. Looking inside, she was greeted by the familiar Gothic decor reminiscent of the Rosewood Estate. The room faced east, offering excellent lighting and a view of an artificial lake.

"Is this Oliver's room?" Natalie stood at the doorway without entering.

"Yes."

Natalie didn't know how to explain to the maid that she and Oliver were not a real couple and shouldn't share a room.

However, remembering Oliver's cruel treatment toward the disobedient Windsors, Natalie didn't dare to voice any objection.

"Can I ask a question?" Natalie asked.

"Mrs. Windsor, please feel free to ask," the maid replied respectfully.

"Is it really okay for Oliver to treat Victoria like that?" Natalie questioned.

"Mrs. Windsor, don't worry. Mr. Oliver will be fine," the maid reassured with a smile, thinking that she was worried about Oliver.

"Although Mr. Oliver is not favored by Sir Windsor, he is still a proud member of the Windsor family. In old times, he would be the legitimate heir and naturally have a higher status than Ms. Victoria. Sir Windsor cannot dispose of Mr. Oliver at will, as the elders of the family would not agree. Moreover, the Norton family, Mr. Oliver's mom's family, is even more powerful than the Windsor family. This isn't the first time Oliver has taught a Windsor a lesson."

A family that was more powerful than the Windsor family? Natalie didn't remember hearing of a Norton family in the country, so it could only be...a noble family from abroad!

Natalie suppressed her doubts and stopped asking any more questions.

***

Charles quickly returned to Oliver's side. Then, he whispered, "Mr. Oliver, I found something."

Oliver glanced at the servant next to him, and the servant swiftly stepped back. Oliver said, "Continue."

"The woman who used to go around telling people she was going to marry you was indeed not Mrs. Windsor. It was Hailey. She was also your original fiancée," Charles said. "However, after your accident, Hailey stopped telling people that she was your fiancée. Over the years, people had forgotten which daughter from the Watson family was engaged to you. In the end, they asked Mrs. Windsor to take Hailey's place to marry you."

Anyone who had a sound mind would deduce that Hailey obviously was reluctant to marry Oliver after his accident. Therefore, the Watson family married Natalie to Oliver, the bastard daughter that nobody liked.

Charles thought, 'If Hailey finds out the truth about Mr. Oliver in the future, she'll regret her decision for the rest of her life.'

Oliver narrowed his eyes, a flash of mockery dancing in his gaze. "So they sent me a replacement?"

"Yes," Charles replied and asked, "Mr. Oliver, are you gonna punish the Watson family?"

"Not yet."

***

The refreshing scent of eucalyptus permeated the room. The captive scent was the same as Oliver's scent.

The room was immaculate, but it didn't look live in. Clearly, it had been empty for a long time.

Natalie did not dare touch Oliver's belongings. She made her way to the balcony and admired the view.

"What are you looking at?" A voice came behind her.

Natalie jumped, turned around, and saw Oliver entering the room.

He was dressed in a black, pinstriped shirt today with matching trousers. Standing in the gothic-style room, he was like a hybrid of an angel and a demon from Western legends, a handsome, mysterious, and captivating creature.

"Just admiring the view," Natalie replied and pointed at the table. She added, "Your gun is on the table." Her eyes widened as Oliver walked toward her instead of the table.

As for Oliver, he noticed that Natalie subconsciously scooted back with each step he took.

Shame that there was a waist-high railing behind her, so she couldn't escape.

Oliver casually sat down on the bed, crossing his long legs leisurely, his hands resting at the sides, exuding a domineering air. He asked, "Are you afraid of me?"

Natalie instinctively shook her head. However, she felt her act seemed fake. So, she nodded and said, "A little."

She thought, 'He shot two people without batting an eyelid earlier. Anyone will be afraid of him. '

"How did you feel when you saw your ex-boyfriend?" Oliver asked. It didn't escape his notice that Natalie's expression stiffened.

"Mr. Oliver, I..." Natalie trailed off. She licked her lips, unsure of the intention behind his question. After a moment, she said, "I was not aware of Adrian's background when we were dating. I was also unaware of his relationship with you when I married you."

Oliver knew what kind of person Adrian was. Adrian had a long dating history. He started chasing girls very young, and he was just as young when he lost his virginity. All the while, he would pretend to be an upstanding gentleman.

Oliver witnessed Adrian's conversation with Natalie in the garden. He was surprised that Adrian indeed had genuine feelings for Natalie.

When Oliver recalled Adrian's loving gaze and tone toward Natalie, he felt sick, as if someone was eyeing his possession.

Meanwhile, when Natalie saw Oliver's gloomy expression, she continued to say, "Mr. Oliver, Adrian and I are over. I know my position. Don't worry. I won't do anything that will...bring shame to my current duty."

Oliver felt a twinge of discomfort when Natalie implied that being his wife was merely a duty. He asked knowingly, "What is your duty??"
###Chapter 23 What do you want?
Natalie lowered her head and bit her lip. After a moment, she said, "My duty as your...your wife."

"Do you find it embarrassing to be my wife?" Oliver raised his eyes to look at her, placing his finger on the trigger.

"No!" Natalie was terrified that he would aim the gun at her if her answer angered him.

"Say it again."

"I'm your wife!" Natalie shouted, cheeks flush, as if she had just admitted to something shameful.

Feeling a sense of unfairness, Natalie could not help but protest in a small voice, "It seems that you don't like me. You don't even treat me as your wife..."

Frowning, Oliver mulled over her words. It was true that he did not like her as she was forced upon him by Marjorie. However, it seemed like he did not dislike her as much as he thought.

Natalie was like an obedient cat in front of him, hiding her sharp claws under her docile façade. Oliver thought that perhaps keeping her around would not only mean having a cook but also having a pet.

"Listen to me, Natalie. I won't harm you."

"OK."

Natalie rested her hands on the white birch railing behind her. At the same time, she wondered if Oliver would kill her once he found out she was a fake and that Hailey, the legitimate heir, should have been his wife.

"Come here," Oliver said. His expression was indifferent, a mischievous gleam dancing in his eyes.

Natalie took a deep breath before walking over. She smiled stiffly, "Mr. Oliver?"

Oliver handed the gun to Natalie, causing her hands to tremble.

"Mr. Oliver, you're not ordering me to shoot myself, right?"

Oliver burst into laughter when he saw the timid expression on her face. At the same time, he realized that she was not pretending to be foolish in the past. She really was a fool.

After a brief moment, Oliver said, "It's a gift for you."

The cold gun only retained a trace of warmth from Oliver's body heat, but Natalie felt she was holding a scalding pot.

"I... Can I refuse this gift?"

Natalie truly had no interest in this dangerous weapon that almost killed Victoria.

Oliver raised an eyebrow. "Do you think you can?"

"Thank you for the gift, Mr. Oliver!" Natalie said. However, she called him a psychopath and cursed him repeatedly in her head.

***

Adrian always hated Oliver. He was only three years older than Adrian. When they were little, as a genius, Oliver surpassed him in both intelligence and background.

Moreover, after the incident when Oliver was 15, Oliver started using violence to control the entire family. For this reason, Adrian still did not dare to openly defy Oliver.

Adrian ignored Hailey as he was worried about Victoria. He quickly made his way to the study to call the hospital.

On the other hand, Oliver's figure occupied Hailey's mind. She couldn't get over how confident he looked when he fired the gun as soon as he entered the room. He had stood firm in front of the high and mighty Windsor family. Nobody had been as domineering as him.

Coincidentally, Oliver was descending the staircase at this moment, a silver mask securely on his face. As soon as Hailey saw him, she quickly approached him without thinking.

"Mr. Oliver!"

Oliver stopped in his tracks and looked at Hailey, his hazel eyes cold as ice.

Hailey stood in front of Oliver and said with a sweet smile, "Hello, Mr. Oliver, I'm Hailey, Natalie's sister."

Oliver casually placed his hand in his pocket, his cold gaze landing on Hailey.

However, upon a closer look, there was a flash of impatience in his eyes.

He said nothing, but his gaze was asking Hailey why she stopped him.

"Mr. Oliver, Natalie has always been spoiled. Her mother failed to teach her to be a lady before she returned to the Watson family. Please forgive her if she has offended you in any way," Hailey said, never looking away from Oliver's eyes.

Oliver's eyes were deep and calm, beautiful like the stars, and capable of captivating one's soul. They held a deadly allure to women.

Oliver's gaze swept through Hailey, and he found he liked Natalie's look more.

His answer was four soft-spoken words. "None of your business."

Hailey's face twisted in embarrassment. Oliver's curt reply was like a slap on her face. However, he was too outstanding, she was unwilling to give up just like that.

"Mr. Oliver, do you know about Natalie..." she said.

Hailey trailed off. She pretended to hesitate, acting like she was withholding something about Natalie. She wanted to pique Oliver's curiosity so that he would ask her about it.

Contrary to her expectations, Oliver remained indifferent and turned around to leave. Clearly, he saw talking to Hailey as a waste of his time as she had nothing to offer. Naturally, Haiely was infuriated. She caught up with him in two strides and asked, "Mr. Oliver, do you know that Natalie likes Adrian?"

Oliver paused in his tracks. His eyes glinted coldly as he asked. "What did you say?"

Hailey suppressed the smile that threatened to appear on her face and said with feigned concern. "Natalie liked Adrian so much that she refused to give up even after we were together. However, please don't blame Natalie, Mr. Oliver. She didn't know she was going to marry you before, and Adrian is the one she truly loves..."

With a dark look, he chided impatiently, "Don't try your stupid trick with me. Get lost!"

If he didn't hear their complete conversation in the garden, Natalie's love for Adrian and the intimate scene would cause him to get the wrong idea. But Natalie had turned Adrian down. Oliver might have genuinely thought that Natalie was unfaithful to him if he didn't hear that. Nonetheless, Hailey's words still caused his mood to sour. He felt terrible...and betrayed.

Hailey knew that her plan worked as Oliver looked livid. She wanted him to suspect Natalie.

"Mr. Oliver..." she said.

"I'm not interested in you. Use your poor tactics on Adrian instead." Oliver impatiently cut her words.

He only returned to the Windsor's mansion to pay tribute to Hillary. He walked away, leaving Hailey behind.

Hailey flushed in humiliation. Oliver's sarcastic words and cold treatment felt like a slap to her face once again. She believed she was going to go crazy from anger.

She thought, 'Oliver has beautiful eyes. So? He's disfigured. He's just an ugly monster! It doesn't matter that he can intimate everyone in the Windsor family. He's in poor health with a poorer temper. Not to mention that he doesn't have any actual say in the family.'

Hailey tried to convince herself that Oliver was not the man she wanted and that he could not compare to Adrian at all in all aspects. She thought she must have gone crazy for being attracted to him and talking to him. She didn't deserve the humiliation, though she brought it to herself.

However, the more Hailey thought about it, the angrier she became.

She mused, 'Oliver is supposed to be mine! He's nice to Natalie. Why is he so harsh toward me?'

Suddenly, an idea appeared in Hailey's mind.

***

As night fell, Natalie heard a knock on the door. She assumed it was one of the servants calling her down for dinner. So, she was caught off guard when she saw Hailey at the door.

Natalie did not want to see Hailey and asked impatiently, "What do you want?"

Natalie reminded Hailey of Oliver's curt replies and the humiliation. She had the urge to rip Natalie's face off.

Hailey composed herself. Crossing her arms, she scoffed contemptuously, "I don't want to see you at all, but Oliver is asking for you."

"Oliver?" Natalie frowned and looked at Natalie skeptically before asking, "Why would he send to you to fetch me?"

"I don't know," Hailey said with a shrug, sensing Natalie's doubt. "Perhaps he took a liking to me? In any case, I've already delivered the message. He's waiting for you in the west wing."

Hailey left without any hesitation. Her attitude clearly showed that she did not care if Natalie believed her or not.
###Chapter 24 What did you say?
However, Hailey couldn't stop thinking about the wedding ring on Natalie's ring finger. She had seen it out of the corner of her eye. A seven-carat diamond wasn't enough to shock her. But Natalie's ring had an expensive pink diamond with astonishing clarity, top-notch cut, exquisite design, and extremely rare. Hailey was certain that it was worth a fortune.

Every woman would die for it.

That ring should have belonged to her.

Natalie never trusted Hailey, so she went out to find a servant.

"Hello, may I ask where Oliver has gone?" she asked.

"Mrs. Windsor, Mr. Oliver has left the main house. But I don't know where he goes." the servant answered.

It seems that Hailey may be telling the truth.

Natalie checked the orientation before heading towards the west.

Sitting on the couch, Hailey watched Natalie leave and sneered. Natalie had suspected that she was lying.

She thought, 'So what? She still fell for it!'

Adrian had specifically warned Hailey before coming here. The terrain in the west was complex and had not been maintained for decades. When it was built, it was constructed by a world-renowned architect, making it easy for ordinary people to get lost. And there were many snakes and insects.

On the way, Natalie had been thinking about why Oliver wanted to see her. Besides the incident with Adrian, she hadn't done anything that might anger him.

And she had noticed that Oliver didn't seem to care that Adrian was her ex.

When Natalie finally snapped out of her thoughts, she found herself in an abandoned forest park. The ground under her feet gradually turned into a worn stone trail. Everywhere she looked, she saw tall trees. There weren't any signs of the intricate trails.

The only sounds around her were the rustling of leaves and bird chirps. There were no signs of any other living creatures.

Natalie couldn't help but freeze in place.

Did...Oliver find out that she took Hailey's place to marry him? Was this his punishment?

Or did Hailey lie?

The sky grew dark, and the desolate surroundings grew more ominous. It was all frightening.

Natalie decided that even if it was Oliver's order, she wouldn't follow it through this time. This place...was just too scary.

However, when she turned around to return to the main house, she failed.

All these paths looked the same.

She...was lost.

In the dense forest, there was no light. Occasionally, sounds of chirping and roaring echoed from within, as if...some fierce beasts were wandering around to hunt.

***

Dinnertime.

The members of the Windsor family returned to the dining room, but the harmonious atmosphere they had during lunch had vanished. Victoria was in the hospital for observation. Thankfully, the gunshot hadn't caused any serious damage and the broken bones of her hand had been reattached. Undoubtedly, she had to experience some pain, but there wouldn't be any lasting effects.

"Where are Oliver and Natalie?" Henry was in a bad mood. He couldn't do anything to Oliver, but he could take it out on Natalie.

Little did he expect that Natalie hadn't shown up either.

Adrian frowned as he looked at Natalie's empty seat. Oliver was absent too. Could it be that they were together?

Adrian's anger grew over the thought of those two possibly engaging in an intimate act.

"Dad, Oliver always pays respects to Ms. Norton whenever he comes back. You know that," Edwin said, "As for Natalie, I saw her leaving earlier."

The knit between Adrian's brows loosened slightly as he thought, 'Looks like they aren't together.'

"It was almost dinnertime and she went out?! Unbelievable!" Henry grew even more displeased against Natalie. He turned to Hailey and smiled, "Hailey, you are well-mannered."

"Henry, you're too kind. Please forgive Natalie. She's always been like this since we were young. I'll talk to her later," Hailey humbly smiled and glanced in the direction of the west wing, her eyes filled with joy.

Adrian ate his dinner absentmindedly.

After dinner, he discreetly called Natalie from the bathroom, but he only heard a mechanical female voice.

"Sorry. The number you have dialed is busy. Please try again later..."

It dawned on Adrian that Natalie had blocked him ever since she caught him cheating on her with Hailey.

Natalie appeared cold but was actually a gentle person. But when it came to relationships, she was uncompromising and didn't tolerate any betrayals.

However, the more aloof Natalie was toward him, the more reluctant Adrian was to move on. He even developed a...strong desire to conquer her!

Adrian wondered, 'What if I got Oliver's wife to fall in love with me?

'Oliver always acts like he's the king of the world. It'll be a hard blow to his ego.'

Adrian left the bathroom and found Hailey. "Hailey, would you call Natalie and ask where she is?"

Hailey's smile froze for a moment, as she tried to hide her displeasure. She pretended to be hurt and asked, "Adrian, why are you worried about Natalie? Do you still like her?"

"No. Don't be silly." Adrian embraced Hailey, thoroughly enjoying her devoted love. "Regardless of anything, Natalie is your sister. If something happens to her, you'd be worried, right?"

Hailey scoffed silently, secretly wishing for Natalie to die outside.

"Why don't you call her yourself?" she asked back.

"I'm afraid you'll get jealous. I want to avoid misunderstanding," Adrian said.

His answer pleased Hailey. She dialed Natalie's number and soon heard the same mechanical female voice. "Sorry. The number you have dialed is busy. Please try again later..."

"It seems Natalie is still angry with me and has blocked my number," Hailey said sadly.

Adrian sighed and looked outside. The night was quiet and he was anxious.

If Adrian was a little more familiar with Natalie's number, he would have noticed that the number that Hailey called was not Natalie's at all.

***

The night grew darker.

Surrounded by silence and isolation, Natalie felt more and more alone.

She was terrified, her whole body trembling with fear. But she couldn't find her way out of this forest. Calling Oliver was her last resort.

Liam gave her Oliver's number and she had put it in her phone.

However, nobody picked up.

After trying three times, she realized that her last hope was gone too.

Perhaps, she guessed right. Oliver knew that Hailey was his original fiancée and got angry. This was his punishment for her lie.

Otherwise, why wouldn't he answer her calls?

Suddenly, Natalie heard hissing sounds from the bushes.

She froze, cold sweat soaking through her clothes.

Because she saw the thing slithering through the bushes. It was a snake, its tail as thick as her wrist.

Natalie didn't dare to call again, afraid that the sound would alert the giant python. Shivering in fear, she sent a text to Oliver.

***

Oliver always stayed over midnight when he visited Hillary's grave.

After midnight.

Oliver stepped out of the cemetery and saw Charles waiting outside.

"Mr. Oliver, Mrs. Windsor has gone missing," Charles said.

"What did you say?" Oliver narrowed his eyes.

His dark gaze sent a chill down Charles' back. It was colder than the freezing night breeze.

Charles wondered if it was his imagination. He thought, 'After all, Oliver didn't care about Natalie. She's just a Mrs. Windsor in name only. Right?'

Charles answered, "She hasn't come back since she left this afternoon."

"And you're only telling me now. This is serious," Oliver said through gritted teeth。
###Chapter 25 You have no right to torment me!
Charles was startled. "Mr. Oliver, you forbid us to disturb you when you're in the cemetery. So I..."

Oliver frowned slightly. Charles reminded him that he wasn't acting like himself. He released Charles and hurriedly walked towards the main building.

Charles was confused. 'Why is Mr. Oliver so nervous? He doesn't even like Mrs. Windsor.'

Inside the main building, Henry and the others were preparing to leave. Oliver ran into them at the entrance.

His gaze quickly swept through the room. Still no sign of Natalie.

"Where is Natalie?" Oliver asked.

"You're asking us where your wife is? How absurd!" Henry snapped.

Looking at Oliver, Adrian wanted to say something but held himself back.

"Where are you all going?" Oliver noticed that they were all dressed up and ready to go.

"Victoria has a fever after her surgery, so we are going to the hospital," Edwin said gently. Henry shot him a glare.

"I told you not to go, didn't I?" Oliver sneered.

"Oliver, just because your mother is dead, you want me to lose my mom too?" After reining his resentment toward Oliver all day, Adrian finally lost control of his anger.

"If I really wanted to kill her, she would've been dead, not lying in a hospital." Oliver reached into his pocket, realizing that he had left his phone in the room.

As he walked upstairs, he said, "Victoria humiliated my mother and planned to remove her from the family cemetery. What if this news reaches the Norton family? Someone will be worried for their lives. But not me."

Henry and Adrian's faces turned pale and they suddenly lost the urge to leave.

The Norton family had helped the Windsor family in the past, and their status was even higher than that of the Windsor family worldwide. When Henry had illegitimate children, Hillary Norton hid the news from her family to save Henry. But Hillary was dead. Victoria, one of the illegitimate children, dared to insult her. If the Norton family found out about it, they would be furious and come after the Windsor family.

Hailey clenched her teeth in frustration. Oliver had once again made the Windsors obey him. Every time she saw him overpowering Adrian, she had a great sense of loss.

"It's all your fault! You shouldn't suggest us to visit Victoria." Henry berated Edwin.

Edwin, always the mild one, nodded and apologized, concealing the scheming gleam behind his glasses.

Oliver unlocked his phone and saw three missed calls and several text messages:

[Mr. Oliver, where are you? I think I'm lost...]

[Mr. Oliver, please answer the phone. There are snakes in this forest!]

[Mr. Oliver, if you...]

The last message was sent before she could finish typing.

Oliver didn't save Natalie's number, but judging from the content, the messages were clearly from her.

He called the number. But her phone was turned off.

His gaze fixed on the words "Snake" and "Forest."

"Oliver, you're a Windsor. I dare you not to ask for the Nortons' help in the future!" Henry shouted as Oliver came downstairs.

Oliver didn't even spare him a glance and briskly walked out.

"Oliver, stop right there! Do you still see me as a father!" Henry exclaimed furiously. Oliver had humiliated him repeatedly. And this time he had done it in front of Adrian and Hailey. Henry was infuriated and gasping for breath.

Oliver slowed down and said wryly, "You know the answer."

"You...brat!" Unfortunately, there was nothing Henry could do.

"Henry, I'll follow him," Adrian said and quickly caught up with Oliver. He assumed Oliver was out to look for Natalie.

"Adrian!" Hailey shouted, stomping her feet in anger.

Hailey thought, 'I knew it. He still cares about that whore!'

"Sir Windsor, I'm worried about Adrian. I want to go check on him," Hailey said to Henry.

Henry waved his hand, gesturing for her to leave. He didn't have time to deal with her at the moment.

Edwin quietly watched the event, a faint smile creeping on the corner of his lips.

It was a silent night.

Outside, the surroundings were desolate, with only the sound of their own breathing and footsteps.

Oliver was familiar with the Windsor's mansion. Around the main building, the only desert area was the forest on the west side, and it was occupied by snakes and rodents.

"Natalie!"

"Natalie, can you hear me?"

Walking through the wild weeds and flourishing shrubs, Oliver held a flashlight and waved it around to look for any trace of Natalie.

Behind him, Charles quickly summoned the servants to come over and started searching too.

"No!"

"Help! Help!"

In the distance, Oliver heard a woman scream among the trees.

Following the voice, Oliver walked as fast as he could. Soon, with the light of the flashlight, he saw a woman with her legs entangled by a python.

It was Natalie!

Natalie had been carefully avoiding this python. To her surprise, she still got its attention while running into other small venomous snakes and rodents.

She ran for her life. But it was too dark in the forest, she couldn't see anything and ended up falling to the ground. The python took the opportunity to wrap around her legs, its disgusting slime seeping through her thin pants and onto her skin. Natalie nearly threw up.

As if the python was confident that its prey couldn't escape its deadly grip, it hissed at Natalie leisurely, its head turning left and right, seemingly considering where to bite.

After a while, the python suddenly opened its mouth, revealing sharp fangs, and lunged at her head...

"No!" Terrified, Natalie covered her head with her hands and screamed.

At the same time, there was a gunshot.

She felt hot liquid splashed on her, and the smell of blood filled the air.

The tight grip on her legs gradually loosened.

Natalie didn't feel the intense pain she had anticipated.

Confused, she opened her eyes.

Before she could fully open her eyes, someone covered her eyes.

She smelled the familiar scent of eucalyptus leaves and Oliver's unique scent.

"Oliver?" she spoke, voice trembling and filled with fear, bordering on crying. "I-is it you?"

"It's me."

Oliver's familiar voice was as low and indifferent as always.

But at that moment, it brought Natalie an unprecedented sense of security.

"I thought I was going to die here today!" She couldn't die as she had Lucas to think about.

Driven by fear, Natalie threw herself into Oliver's arms, holding him tightly as she was worried that he would leave her here.

Feeling the soft body against him, Oliver froze for a moment. He had sensed her fear and dependence on him as her hot tears rapidly soaked his shirt.

His heart skipped a beat, yet he couldn't pinpoint the feeling he was having.

Natalie felt her body was elevated as Oliver picked her up bridal style.

Natalie only felt she was alive again when she was certain that she was far away from the snake's corpse.

People usually broke down after experiencing a horrid event. Remembering that Oliver was the cause of all the terrifying experiences she had endured, Natalie finally snapped.

"Oliver, put me down. I don't want you to hold me!" Natalie struggled to get down, hitting him with clenched fists. "How could you?! I know you hate me. But you can just break up with me! You have no right to torment me!"
###Chapter 26 Alone Time
"Natalie, why didn't you say so when the snake wrapped around you? Why say it now?" Oliver's face darkened. Not recovering from her fear, she was so weak that he could barely feel her punches. Oliver was surprised that she thought she could walk.

Natalie was not convinced. "I don't want you to hold me! You set me up and then came to my rescue. I won't be fooled. You jerk!"

"Stop yelling, or I'll throw you back to the snake." Oliver halted and threatened.

"No!" Natalie reflexively held onto Oliver's broad shoulders. She probably would have psychological trauma towards snakes for the rest of her life.

Oliver smiled faintly as Natalie finally calmed down.

"Did you just accuse me of setting you up?" Oliver brought the dubious content in Natalie's words.

"You asked Hailey to tell me that you wanted to see me. I was here because of your order. But when I called you for help, you never picked up." Natalie grew more and more aggrieved as she spoke. "You tricked me. What a jerk!"

Oliver was mad, but he chuckled, "Natalie, are you a fool? Hailey is Adrian's girlfriend. Why would I ask her to give you a message? When you called me later, I couldn't answer."

'I can't stand the sight of Hailey.' Oliver frowned at the thought of Hailey. There was no way that he would ask her to do things for him. What were the servants for?

Natalie pouted and thought, 'But Hailey is also your former fiancée. Who knows what you're thinking?'

"You don't believe me?" Oliver lowered his gaze, staring at Natalie, who was curling up in his arms.

"Yes."

But she answered no inwardly.

"Nata... What!"

Suddenly, a woman's scream was heard in the distance.

Hailey saw Oliver's tall and upright figure first. Then she noticed that he was holding a woman in his arms, presumably Natalie. Wanting to get Oliver's attention, Hailey was about to greet them. She opened her mouth and saw the maid behind Oliver pick up something with a flashlight in her other hand.

Under the light, Hailey saw the thing the maid was holding. It was a bloody dead snake with its head shot off.

Terrified, Hailey felt her legs buckle. She looked around for Adrian, wanting to seek comfort from him.

Before Hailey could turn around, Adrian brushed past her and ran towards Natalie.

His voice filled with joy, he exclaimed, "Natalie! Are you okay?"

Seeing Hailey's panicked expression, Natalie subconsciously looked behind her and screamed too.

She was so scared that she burrowed her head against Oliver's chest, trembling all over as she finally realized what that warm liquid that splashed on her was.

It was the snake's blood!

She didn't even dare to look at herself. She was certain that she was covered in disgusting snake blood from head to toe!

"Natalie, are you a fool?" Oliver couldn't help but scold her.

He had covered her eyes earlier to spare her the trauma. But she had foolishly craned her neck to look behind them. Only a fool would do this.

Adrian finally reached them and was shocked by the intimate scene of the couple. He cared about Natalie so much and wanted to ask her about her well-being. All the words turned into a lump in his throat, making him feel hard to breathe.

"Move," Oliver coldly said to Adrian. "Be mindful of how you address her."

The corner of Adrian's mouth twitched. He found the situation was so unfair. Why did he have to call Natalie...Aunt Natalie?!

She belonged with him, not Oliver.

Adrian stepped aside, and Oliver carried Natalie towards the main building, casting a dark look at Hailey, who was still in shock.

"Adrian, I'm so scared. The snake... It's..." Hailey shivered and ran to Adrian, her arms wrapping around his waist. She deliberately pressed her soft bosom against him.

Regardless of her effort, Adrian's gaze followed Natalie. Hailey cursed inwardly, 'It's all that bitch's fault.'

"Adrian, I'm so scared. Kiss me, please." Before Adrian could react, Hailey pressed her lips against his, taking back Adrian's attention.

Nighttime had a way of stirring up feelings.

Adrian quickly lost in Hailey's passionate kiss. A fire started in his abdomen, and he had an urge to pin her down.

"Adrian, I love you. Do you love me?"

"Yes."

In fact, Adrian was clouded by desire and did not even know what he was saying.

When the long and passionate kiss finally came to an end, Hailey seized the opportunity and sighed with feigned concern. "It has been just half a month. And Natalie has become Oliver's woman. However, I'm glad that they get along so well."

Adrian thought, 'Get along so well?'

The words were like rubbing salt into his wound. Oliver was arrogant and never showed care toward others. Adrian was shocked when Oliver suddenly ran out in the middle of the night to look for Natalie.

Originally, Adrian had been mad at Hailey as Natalie said that Hailey forced her to marry Oliver. However, after thinking about it, he felt that Hailey only did what she did because Hailey loved him too much and did not want to marry Oliver. In comparison, Natalie was immature and couldn't stay faithful to him. Adrian decided that she was simply not worthy of his affection!

***

"My goodness! What happened?!" a servant cried in shock when she saw a bloody Natalie being carried into the house.

Oliver ignored everyone and made his way upstairs, making orders without pausing. "Prepare a change of clothes for her."

Obviously, by her, he meant Natalie.

Once Oliver disappeared up the stairs, the few servants exchanged looks and started whispering.

"Oliver is a neat freak. However, he actually carried Natalie all the way back. Did you see how dirty she was? She wasn't even wearing shoes. It's disgusting!"

"That's right. How unexpected. It seems like Natalie knows a thing or two about seducing men. She managed to capture Oliver's heart in just a few days."

Adrian happened to walk in and overheard the servants talking about how affectionate Natalie and Oliver were. Unsurprisingly, anger rose in his heart. He asked harshly, "What are you gossiping about?"

The servants quickly apologized.

"I'm sorry, Mr. Adrian."

Hailey glanced at the servants and smirked. She didn't plan this, but the servants had subconsciously helped her.

Adrian stormed back to his room, and Hailey hurriedly followed him.

As soon as the duo left, the servants could not help but start gossiping about them.

"I heard that Natalie used to be Adrian's ex-girlfriend. Looks like Adrian still has feelings for her."

"It's hard to move on sometimes."

"Although Hailey is more esteemed than Natalie, Natalie is much more beautiful and elegant. Moreover, I heard that Natalie is also much more talented."

"Natalie is Adrian's ex-girlfriend, but she's now Adrian's aunt-in-law as she's married Oliver. Hailey is her sister and Adrian's current girlfriend. Once Hailey marries Adrian, she would have to call Natalie 'Aunt Natalie', right? Talk about a complicated family tree."

"Alright, stop talking. If we're caught gossiping about the employers, we'll be fired!"

***

In the room.

Oliver put Natalie down and pointed at the bathroom. "Go clean up."

"OK."

Natalie's head was in a muddle. So, she obediently followed Oliver's orders, still wary of being sent back to that horrible forest.

Not long after, her scream rang from the bathroom.

Oliver rushed over and saw Natalie stare at her reflection in horror.

Natalie wore a white chiffon blouse and a pair of light khaki wide-leg pants. However, her blouse and pants were in tatters after the trip. Her white blouse was stained almost completely red by the snake's blood.
###Chapter 27 Don't Look if You're Afraid
Half of Natalie's beautiful face was stained with blood, and she looked like a character in a slasher movie that made everyone wet their pants.

"Stop looking at yourself if you're afraid. How stupid are you?"

Oliver turned the tap on and splashed water at the mirror, distorting the reflection in the mirror.

Natalie returned to her senses, but she was still scared. When she looked down and saw the sticky slime from the snake on her legs, she felt nauseous immediately and started shivering uncontrollably.

As Oliver watched a shell-shocked Natalie, an indescribable feeling swelled up in his heart. He did not think that her current appearance was terrifying at all. Instead, he thought that she looked pitiful with her eyes swollen from crying.

Oliver contemplated for a moment before walking over and grabbing Natalie's wrist. He led her to the sink and ordered, "Bent over."

Confused, Natalie obediently did as she was told. She avoided looking at the mirror and bent down, her gaze fixing at the tiles on the ground.

She heard the sound of running water. A warm hand scrubbed the stain on her face away with warm water. She stiffened for a moment and started squirming when she realized that Oliver was washing her face.

"Don't move!"

With his bad temper, Oliver chided her and continued to scrape the snake's blood off her face with one hand. At the same time, he muttered in self-mockery, "In my 25 years of life, this is my first time washing someone else's face."

Natalie frowned and winced due to Oliver's rusty and rude movements.

However, her cry sounded sweet and charming to Oliver, filling him with desire.

'Damn it!' Oliver cursed inwardly and spoke harshly to Natalie, "Bear with it!"

"My face hurts..."

"If you keep complaining, I'll have my way with you!"

"You..."

Natalie blushed so hard that even her ears were red.

Oliver raised an eyebrow and thought, 'When she argued with Adrian in the garden, she was bold and fierce. Why is she suddenly so shy? Which side of her is real?'

Finally, Natalie's face was clear of snake blood, revealing a beautiful and enchanting face.

"Alright. Clean yourself up."

"OK."

Without thinking, Natalie lowered her head and began to undress, only caring about getting out of the blood-stained clothes as soon as possible. She was in the midst of unbuttoning her blouse when she suddenly realized that she wasn't alone. Her head snapped up and she met eyes with Oliver, who was leaning against the wall with one hand in his pocket.

Embarrassed, she quickly clenched her blouse, facing her back to Oliver. At the same time, she stammered, "Oliver, you... Would you please leave?"

Oliver tapped his fingers against the wall. His dark eyes glinted as he said, "Hey, you're the one who tries to seduce me once you are sane"

"I..."

'What a narcissist! Why does he always think I want to seduce him? It's not like I intentionally undressed in front of him,' Natalie thought.

However, he had just helped her to wash her face. Moreover, it was her fault for undressing before he left, though she didn't mean it. For these reasons, she reminded herself to be polite toward Oliver. "Mr. Oliver, I'm going to shower now. Would you please leave the bathroom?"

Oliver was amused and thought, 'One moment ago, she was acting like a cat whose tail got stepped on. Now, she's pretending to be a harmless little rabbit. What an interesting pet...'

Natalie closed the bathroom door behind Oliver. Then, she quickly removed her clothes and threw them aside. She turned the shower on and let the warm water pour down on her.
###Chapter 28 Sleeping Arrangement
Natalie stood under the shower, washing the dirt and blood off her body. The smell of blood permeated the air as the steam rose. However, as the water continued to pour down, the smell eventually dissipated.

'I've just narrowly escaped death tonight...' she thought.

***

After leaving the bathroom, Oliver finally realized the state he was in. Because he carried Natalie all the way back, his shirt was also stained with the snake's blood. Feeling disgusted, he quickly turned to the bathroom to take a shower. However, he immediately remembered that he had just left the bathroom, and Natalie was in the shower.

Annoyed, he chided himself for his earlier actions.But he had done so many foolish acts, including carrying her back, allowing her to use his bathroom, and even helping her to wash her face.

He thought angrily, 'To think she even complained that I was hurting her face...'

Following this thought, Oliver recalled how Natalie's checks became slightly red after the wash. He stared at his hands and saw the light calluses from years of shooting and martial arts practice.

'Her skin is very delicate... I probably left marks on her skin...' Oliver mused.

All of a sudden, there was a knock on the door.

Oliver opened the door and asked the maid standing outside, "What's it?"

The maid replied, "Mr. Windsor, these are clothes for Mrs. Windsor."

"Bring them in," Oliver said. He glanced around the room and ordered, "Clean the floor."

"Yes," the maid replied with a nod.

***

Although Oliver rarely returned to the mansion, he had a full closet of clothes. He brought a set of clean clothes out of the closet and went to another bathroom for a shower.

As Oliver under the shower, he thought about the crazy acts he had done earlier.

He thought, 'It's because Natalie was lost in the woods and nearly eaten by a python. And she was there in the first place because she went out to look for me...'

Oliver ran his fingers through his hair as Hailey's beautiful face appeared in his mind. With a dark expression, he had to admit that his former fiancée was obviously much more intelligent than Natalie, who was a complete fool.

***

The servant prepared a white chiffon nightgown for Natalie. It was simple and beautiful. After putting it on, she looked like a fairy from the fairy tales.

"Mrs. Windsor, you look so beautiful!" The maid could not help but exclaim when she saw Natalie.

Natalie smiled and thanked her before asking, "Can you get me an extra blanket?"

The maid looked at the huge bed in the center of the room and asked in confusion, "Why... Isn't this blanket big enough?"

The bed could accommodate four or five people, and the blanket's size matched the bed. It was clearly big enough for Natalie and Oliver.

"Well, I tend to hog the blanket when I sleep at night," Natalie answered. After all, she could not tell the maid that she and Oliver hadn't even shared a room, let alone a bed.

The maid nodded and left. Soon, she returned with a thin blanket.

Oliver walked in on the maid handing the blanket to Natalie, frowning slightly.

The maid left, leaving the two of them in the room, Natalie brought the blanket to the couch. When she turned around, she was met with Oliver's indifferent face. Although the room was spacious, she felt suffocated due to Oliver's overwhelming presence.

Oliver's gaze landed on her arm. The short sleeves of the nightgown couldn't cover the cuts on her arms. The cuts were shallow and had already stopped bleeding. But the red marks looked alarming against her fair arms.

Oliver shifted his gaze to the blanket on the couch and asked, "What is the meaning of this?"

"I'll take the couch," Natalie replied. "You can have the bed."

Oliver inexplicably felt a little angry. When they were in the woods, she clung to him to seek refuge in his arms. Once she was safe, she seemed eager to distance herself from him.

He wondered if she was playing hard to get, or if she really did not want to be near him, feeling frustrated for the latter.

"Switch the lights off," Oliver said without looking at her as he walked toward the bed.

In fact, there was something Natalie wanted to say, but seeing that he was in a bad mood, she obediently switched the lights off.

The bright moonlight shone through the French windows, but the room was still dark.

Oliver lay quietly on the huge bed and covered himself with the blanket.

Natalie curled up on the couch. Wrapping in a cocoon, she still felt a bone-chilling cold. She did not dare to close her eyes at all. Every time she closed her eyes, the scenes from earlier tonight would flash in her mind again.

The dark forest, the sounds of the birds and the beasts, the constant fear of encountering fatal predators and poisonous creatures, the anxiety of being unable to find her way out, the fear of death when she met the python, and the persistent cold she felt since she came back. Everything was haunting her and she didn't know how to make them stop.

Oliver hadn't fallen asleep either. With his keen senses, he heard the rustling noises of the cotton blanket rubbing against the blanket, and he could feel a pair of eyes staring at him in the dark.

He tried to ignore it. After a while, he got up and turned the lights on, only to see a pair of watery eyes staring at him, gaze filled with pleading and fear.

Natalie was cocooned in the blanket and curled up into a ball, leaving only her eyes out. And she was staring at him silently.

The sight of this extinguished Oliver's anger like a bucket of water.

"Shouldn't you be sleeping?"

However, Natalie was frightened by his aloofness. She could not help but recall the ruthless way he had dealt with the Windsor family. He had shot the snake's head off without thinking. Remembering what a dangerous man Oliver was, she stiffened in fear.

"I-I'm sorry. I didn't mean to disturb you," Natalie stammered. She lowered her head and whispered, "I'm scared and have trouble sleeping."

"What scares you?"

Perhaps because it was late at night, Natalie was a little impulsive.

She raised her head and pouted. "T-the woods... I went into the woods...because of you. I got lost and ran into a python..."

"What a fool!" Oliver said harshly. At the same time, he thought, 'No wonder she gets bullied by Hailey. She isn't acting dumb. She really is an idiot.'

"You're not much better," Natalie retorted in a small voice.

"What did you say?" Oliver shot her a dark look.

Natalie quickly corrected herself. "I said thank you for saving me!"

Oliver sat up on the bed, bending one leg. He propped himself up with one hand and placed the other on his knee. The collar of his black silk robe was wide open because of his posture. Most women would have swooned, but Natalie remained oblivious to his charm.

Oliver looked at her and said in a flat tone, "You're such a liar."

He was clad in a black silk robe, which gaped open with the movement, revealing a sight that would make any other woman scream with excitement. But Natalie wasn't the least bit fazed by the allure of masculinity.

"So you heard me..." Natalie muttered. She chided inwardly, 'Since you heard me, why bother asking?'

"Anyway, thank you for saving me tonight, Mr. Oliver. I'll remember your kindness tonight. Please go to sleep. I'll try not to disturb you," Natalie said and turned to the other side.

"Hey, you fool," Oliver suddenly called out.

Natalie rolled her eyes and bit her tongue. Not wanting to argue with him, she only scoffed in discontent.

Oliver continued to say, "Remember this. If I really wanted to mess with you, I'd just use a gun."

Natalie thought about it for two seconds before realization dawned on her. She sat up abruptly.
###Chapter 29 Not Interested
"So you didn't call me out this afternoon?!"

Natalie mused, 'That makes sense! Moreover, if Oliver set me up, he wouldn't bother to rescue me! This is Hailey's doing. Although I was suspicious at that time, I was too scared of Oliver to not follow the order.'

"I'm sorry that I blamed you before..." Natalie said, feeling apologetic.

"Go to sleep," Oliver said, lying down again. He thought, 'What else can she do apart from apologize?'

"Mr. Oliver, can I sleep with the light on? A small one is enough," Natalie asked tentatively. Even after the revelation, the darkness still scared her and kept her awake.

"No," Oliver said. But meeting her pitiful gaze, he asked, "Are you still afraid?"

"Yes!" Natalie nodded frantically.

Oliver slapped the spot next to him on the bed, casually offering, "Come here. You can sleep on the bed."

Natalie's eyes bugged out in shock, and she shook her head immediately. "Uh, no thanks, I'm good right here."

"Do I disgust you?" The same odd irritation he felt when he saw Natalie ask for a separate blanket came back to him.

"Mr. Oliver, I'm a restless sleeper," Natalie said, making an excuse.

'She's really a good liar!' Oliver thought to himself, annoyed.

He didn't believe she could resist him. "Ten seconds. If you're not over here, you're out."

Natalie looked at him, sighed after a moment, and then dragged her blanket over slowly, thinking to herself that it was already three in the morning. She figured she wouldn't be able to sleep for long anyway, so she might as well tough it out.

She had a feeling that if she refused him, he would definitely be angry. Another proof that he wasn't acting like himself that night.

When Natalie finally lay on the bed, the bed barely dipped, as if she weighed nothing. In other words, even if she tossed and turned, she would not disturb his sleep. However, her unique sweet scent was distracting.

Finally, the lights were turned off again, and the room returned to darkness.

Natalie slept on the edge of the bed. Although there was quite a lot of space between her and Oliver, she could keenly feel his presence. Despite his cold exterior, his body heat was warming her up even from such a distance. She didn't know why, but her fear disappeared and was replaced by a different kind of tension. However, it did not take long before she gradually fell asleep.

Hearing Natalie's soft breathing in her sleep, Oliver was wide awake, staring at the ceiling. He turned to his side. In the dim moonlight, he could see Natalie's exquisite face. Flashbacks of her pitiful gaze and her lips touching the corners of his lips played in his mind.

Oliver cursed under his breath, got up, and left to take a cold shower.

***

When Oliver returned half an hour later, Natalie was still sleeping in the same position. Perhaps she had been too frightened tonight, even in her sleep, she was frowning. It didn't undermine her beauty and only made her look like a fragile and exquisite article.

He looked at her for a moment before leaving to get the first aid kit. Kneeling at Natalie's side of the bed, he gingerly brought her arm out from under the blanket. Her skin was delicate and soft, marred only by the cuts.

Oliver thought, 'I was gonna get married as Grandmother wished anyway. It's not too bad to marry such an interesting and beautiful pet.' As he tended to her cuts, he mused, 'As long as she's obedient, I will keep her and spoil her as a pet...'

***

The next day.

Natalie woke up at dawn. Due to her adventure in the woods, she felt sore in her waist and back. She also noticed that the cuts on her arms did not hurt as much as she had expected. Natalie was confused as she was certain that she had not tended to them yesterday.

When her mind cleared slightly, she finally remembered that she was on Oliver's bed. If memories served, she had slept at the edge of the bed. But she was lying in the middle of the bed at the moment. The spot next to her was empty. Oliver was gone. She reached out and touched the warm sheet that carried Oliver's unique scent, blushing.

She covered her face, wondering how she had moved to the middle of the bed, but nothing came up. After all, she was a heavy sleeper. Soon, she quickly lifted the blanket and checked her clothes. She sighed in relief when she saw that nothing was out of the ordinary. Before she could relax fully, Oliver's voice made her tense up again. "I'm not interested in your flat chest," he taunted.

A fully dressed Oliver walked out of the closet with a cold expression. Nobody could tell from his indifferent exterior that he moved Natalie to the middle of the bed at night and woke up with her in his arms that morning.

"I was just checking," Natalie said sheepishly. She felt bad for jumping to conclusions and misunderstanding him.

Oliver ignored her and left the room.

Natalie clicked her tongue and looked down at her chest. 'Flat chest? I'm a C cup!' she thought.

***

In the living room.

Henry and the others were seated on the couch.

Oliver sat alone on another couch. He leaned on the couch lazily with his legs crossed as he tapped at his phone. As usual, his face was hidden behind his mask, enhancing his aloof and elegant vibe.

Natalie looked at the crowd and felt that Oliver was deliberately putting on a façade for the others. Those who looked down on him had no idea about his true strength at all.

Sitting next to Adrian, Hailey smiled gently and said teasingly, "Natalie, you and Mr. Oliver are so lovey-dovey. Look. You're even wearing matching clothes."

In the morning, the maid had brought Natalie a white half-sleeved dress with black prints. She looked graceful and elegant in the dress. As for Oliver, he had always liked dark clothes and was wearing a black shirt with white stripes. At first glance, it looked like they were wearing matching clothing, even though it was not intentional. Nonetheless, they still looked good together.

When Natalie glanced at Oliver, he happened to look up, and their eyes met briefly. She quickly averted her gaze, feeling a little uncomfortable.

However, Oliver found their matching clothing was a fancy coincidence.

Adrian clenched his fists, annoyed by their matching clothes. He agreed with Hailey. Natalie was fickle and immature. It hadn't been long since their break up, yet she had already started playing a loving wife for Oliver!

"Hailey, you're Adrian's girlfriend. Although they're close in age, Oliver is still Adrian's senior. It's not appropriate for you to make fun of him, right?" Natalie said, deliberately bringing up the fact that Oliver was Adrian's uncle.

Hailey's smile froze, but she could not refute Natalie's words.

A faint smile flashed across Oliver's face over Natalie's words.

Suddenly, Edwin asked, "Natalie, where did you go last night?"

Natalie looked at Hailey coldly and replied, "Well, didn’t you know the answer."

"How would I know? Natalie, I was worried about you all night. I even went out with Adrian to look for you. You shouldn't run off. This isn't your house. More importantly, you made everyone worry," Hailey said with a hint of reproach, sounding like an elder sister educating her naughty younger sister. Her tone wasn't harsh, but she effectively shifted all the blame to Natalie.
###Chapter 30 Don't You Dare!
Natalie looked at Hailey and said, "You told me yesterday that Oliver was looking for me? That was why I went out."

"Natalie, I'm Adrian's girlfriend. Why would Mr. Oliver ask me to give you a message?" Hailey said innocently, "Anyway, you can ask Mr. Oliver. He'll tell you that he didn't ask me to do this."

After a moment, Hailey asked with feigned shock, "Natalie, don't tell me you're trying to sow discord between me and Adrian. Are you trying to cause a misunderstanding?"

"Natalie, stop slandering Hailey!" Adrian scolded angrily. He thought, 'She's definitely trying to create a rift between me and Hailey. She must be jealous!'

Natalie had already expected that Hailey would not admit setting her up and would shift the blame to her, but Adrian's reaction was unexpected. Ever since their break up, he had shocked her over and over again, as if there was no limitation on how low he could stoop.

Henry seized the opportunity and reprimanded, "Oliver, tell your wife to stop! This is her first visit to our house, but she's stirring up trouble everywhere. Now, she even wants to blame Adrian's girlfriend for her own fault!"

"Sir Windsor, I may do wrong. But it has nothing to do with Oliver," Natalie said, defending Oliver. He saved her last night, so she owed him one. And he should not be reprimanded for her actions.

Oliver remained silent as he had no intention of getting involved in the argument. However, he looked at Natalie. She had been frightened last night, yet she was standing up against Henry to defend him. His heart could not help but skip a beat.

"How dare you talk back to me! Watch your tone!" Henry slammed his hands on the table and rose to his feet.

"My tone? Then what about Adrian? Don't you think it's inappropriate for him to call me by my first name? And one more thing, I just married Oliver and it's unfair to accuse him because of my mistake. If anyone should be responsible for this, I think it should be my family, like my dear sister right here. You shall give her your lecture." Natalie turned to Hailey with a sneer.

"Who do you think you are? How dare you act so arrogantly in my house?" After the roar, Henry ordered a servant, "Throw this ignorant woman out of here!"

He looked at Natalie with a triumphant smile.

Oliver rested his head on one hand and spoke up, his voice low and cold. "Don't you dare to kick my wife out of here."

Edwin raised an eyebrow. A knowing smile appeared on his face briefly. Of all the years he'd known Oliver, this was the first time Oliver defended someone. Even Arthur had not received such a treatment.

Henry questioned angrily, "Don't I have the right to discipline my daughter-in-law?"

Oliver only scoffed and looked at Henry as a fool. Pointing at a servant, he ordered, "Bring me the surveillance footage."

'Surveillance footage?!' Hailey mused.

Shocked, she looked around and did not see any surveillance cameras. She prayed that Oliver was just bluffing.

Soon, the servant returned with a USB drive.

"Mr. Oliver, here it is."

In fact, only one place in the main building had installed surveillance cameras. That was the area near Oliver's bedroom. After all, he did not want people stepping into his territory without his knowledge.

Once the USB drive was plugged into the television, the curved and large screen TV immediately started playing the scene from yesterday evening as the camera completely recorded the conversation between Natalie and Hailey.

"Oliver wants to see you."

"Perhaps he took a liking to me? In any case, I've already delivered the message. He's waiting for you in the west wing."

Everyone looked at Hailey in shock, especially Henry and Adrian.

Henry felt embarrassed for misunderstanding Natalie while Adrian was shocked that his gentle and lovely girlfriend had deceived him.

Oliver leaned back on the couch a little and said lightly, "Hailey, for the record, I have no interest in you at all."

"Hey!"

Hailey's expression changed drastically. She hurriedly explained to Adrian, "I did ask Natalie to go out yesterday, but it was a harmless prank as a test for a couple's trust."

Adrian looked at the cuts on Natalie's arms and was enraged. "A harmless prank? Natalie almost died yesterday!"

If it was not for Oliver's timely rescue, Natalie might have become the snake's dinner.

Hailey quickly approached Natalie and grabbed her hand before saying, "Natalie, you know I meant you no harm. I've always protected you, haven't I? You believe me, right?"

In the eyes of the others, this seemed like a touching scene of sisterhood. Only Natalie knew how forceful Hailey was gripping her, her fingers digging into Natalie and her gaze filled with warning.

Natalie pulled her hand away and said, "Then why didn't you say anything earlier? If Oliver didn't show us the surveillance footage, I would've become the target of everyone's criticism."

"I just..."

"That's enough."

Oliver walked over to Natalie's side. His silver mask glinted under the light, making his gaze look even colder.

With just one look from Oliver, Hailey shut up.

The entire room fell silent as Hailey's scheme was exposed.

Suddenly, Oliver said to a servant, "Bring a hot towel over."

"Yes."

When the servant brought the towel over, he pointed at Natalie and said, "Wipe her hands clean."

Hailey looked at Oliver in shock and thought, 'How humiliating! Is he implying that I'm dirty?'

Natalie obediently extended her hands and glanced at Oliver out of the corner of her eye.

Another servant stepped forward and said, "Breakfast is ready."

Oliver glanced at Natalie before walking out, and Natalie immediately followed suit.

As Oliver didn't even bother to stay for breakfast and just left without a word, Henry felt humiliated and enraged, his face flushed. He said to the others, "Eat your breakfast. We're going to visit Victoria."

***

As Oliver and Natalie stepped outside, the gentle morning breeze blew past them.

The unique scent of grass mixed with blooming roses and hibiscus that lined the sides of the road permeated the air.

Charles had been waiting for them. When he saw the couple, he quickly opened the door of the Rolls-Royce for them.

Natalie glanced at the front seat and hesitated for a moment before getting into the back seat. Due to Oliver's imposing presence, she could not help but feel cramped in the car. To ease the tension, she said, "Thank you."

"How are you going to thank me?" Oliver asked as he took off the mask, revealing his astonishingly handsome face.

Taken aback by his sudden question, Natalie started thinking. Since they came to the mansion, Oliver had not eaten much. So, she offered, "Why don't I make you a big meal when we get back?"

Oliver's hand stopped tapping the armrest over her question. He asked, "Do I look like I can't get food by myself?"

Charles, who was sitting in front, had to hold back his laughter.

Natalie muttered inwardly, 'He is impossible to please!'

Without another word, Oliver looked at the documents on his lap solemnly.

***

Back at Rosewood Estate.

After returning, Oliver changed into a fresh set of clothing and left the house. During the ride back, he was engrossed in reading the documents, seemingly very busy.

With her short observation of him, Natalie was even more certain of her theory. She bet that Oliver was putting on an act in front of the Windsors and everyone else because he was bidding his time or he simply did not care what they thought of him.
###Chapter 31 Confront Her Head-On!
Natalie had been frightened at the Windsors’ mansion and had yet to recover. As such, she returned to her room early in the evening.

When she passed by the master bedroom, her steps hesitated. Oliver had yet to return, and Rosewood Estate was softly lit as usual.

…

When Oliver came home, he went to his bedroom immediately. When he reached the bedroom door, he saw a note stuck on it, which read: Mr. Windsor, I made tomato spaghetti for you. I left it in the fridge so you can have it for supper.

The handwriting was elegant and pleasing to the eyes.

‘Tomato spaghetti? How cheap!’

Oliver tore the note off. Just as he was about to throw it away, he hesitated. Then he inexplicably walked to the bedside table and put it away in the drawer.

‘The handwriting is quite good. I’ll just hold on to it for a few more days…‘

Then, Oliver went downstairs again. As expected, there was a plate of spaghetti with cherry tomatoes and cheese balls in the fridge.

‘Isn’t this just ordinary spaghetti?’

Oliver frowned in disdain, but he was indeed a little hungry. In the end, he picked up a fork and tasted it. The spaghetti’s texture was good, and the sauce had the right mix of sweet and sour.

...

Natalie received an email from RK Media, notifying her of the audition time. The email meant that she had passed the first round of selection and would be proceeding to the next, which had a passing rate of less than ten percent. She quickly shared the good news with Jane, sending a message to the latter.

Jane’s reply came quickly.

Jane: [Congratulations! You’re born to be a supermodel so I’m sure you won’t have any trouble with the upcoming interview.]

After sending a kneeling emoji, Natalie quickly sent a reply.

Natalie: [Thank you for your support!]

Jane: [Hahaha, no problem! Shall we celebrate?]

Natalie: [Are you free?]

Jane studied photography. Even when she did not have classes, she was still not free. After all, as long as there were scenic places, she would visit to take photos on days when she was free.

Jane: [Darling, you got your first audition after leaving G Entertainment. I’ll definitely make time to celebrate!]

Currently, Jane was still unaware that Natalie had replaced Hailey to marry Oliver, let alone the fact that Natalie had to inform Oliver if she wanted to leave Rosewood Estate.

Natalie did not reply to Jane immediately. Instead, she sent a message to Oliver.

Natalie: [My friend invited me out. Can I go?]

…

Oliver had gone to the bathroom and left his phone on the table. When his phone rang, Isaac and Wyatt were shocked. After all, there were very few people who knew his private number. Moreover, among those few people, they usually would not communicate through text messages because Oliver disliked it and found it inefficient.

Isaac and Wyatt exchanged a look before they instinctively looked at Oliver’s phone.

“The caller is ‘Stupid Woman’? Who’s that?” Isaac asked in a low voice, confused.

Wyatt said in disbelief, “No, shouldn’t the point be why he gave his private number to a woman?!”

The two were still debating whether to risk looking at the text message when Oliver returned. As he walked over, he asked, “What are both of you doing?”

The duo straightened their backs and replied in unison, “Nothing!”

Nonetheless, it was very clear that it was not ‘nothing’. They were obviously up to something.

Oliver glanced at the duo before he finally checked his phone. He only raised his eyebrow slightly when he saw the message from Natalie. Although she had asked if she could go, it was clear that she was being perfunctory. Then, he replied with only two words: You can.

Oliver did not care much about where Natalie was going, but he liked it that she notified him like this.

Meanwhile, Isaac and Wyatt exchanged a look as they texted each other.

Isaac: Am I hallucinating? Did Oliver actually reply to the message?

Wyatt: Is it that woman who nearly died previously?

...

Natalie did not expect Jane would bring her to a high-end private clubhouse to play pool. She pointed at the golden sign above and asked hesitantly, “Is it okay for us to come here?”

Jane was wearing a short burgundy wraparound dress today, which accentuated her curvaceous figure. She looked glamorous, and her temperament was cold. Each move she made was like a deadly temptation. Even women would be attracted by her grace and charm.

Jane put her arm around Natalie’s shoulders and said, “Why is not okay? Are you underage? Or… are you worried that Adrian will be unhappy?”

“Of course not. Jane, I…” Natalie said, wanting to explain that she and Adrian had already broken up.

However, Jane interjected, “Alright then. Let’s go!”

After flashing her membership card, Jane pulled Natalie inside.

Although the Watkins family was in decline, Jane had a large savings that she had prepared before the fall of her family. As such, her financial situation now was only slightly worse than before. She also still retained memberships to private clubs and such. Perhaps the only difference was she no longer bought limited-edition clothes, shoes, and bags from luxury brands.

“By the way,” Jane said while she chalked the pool cue, “I just found out that Hailey has also been shortlisted for the interview. You have to be careful.”

“Alright,” Natalie replied with a nod. She was not surprised that Hailey would try to gain fame at the high-profile RK car show.

Both Natalie and Hailey were models. It was inevitable that they would meet and compete for jobs since they were in the same industry. Apart from the job with RK car show, there was also the gig with Top Avenue.

Jane tested the pool cue, looking somewhat satisfied. Then, she said, “Don’t underestimate her. Confront her head-on! If you lose, let me know!”

Natalie laughed. “Why should I let you know?”

Jane replied nonchalantly, “So I can beat her up! In any case, I’m all alone now. What I do won’t affect my family.”

“Jane...”

“I’m fine. You don’t have to comfort me. It’s been a long time since that incident with my family,” Jane said. She had grown numb to her sadness.

After the employee helped them set up the balls, Jane gestured to Natalie to go first.

Natalie’s skills were taught by Jane. In the past, they played together with Flora Lee, but unfortunately, it had been a long time since they saw Flora.

...

When Isaac left the private room with Oliver and the others, Isaac saw two beautiful women playing pool in the corner. He quickly grabbed Oliver and said, “Hey, let’s not leave yet!”

Oliver glanced at Isaac’s hand that was on his arm with a displeased expression, and Isaac quickly withdrew his hand and said, “Sorry, sorry!”

‘I almost forgot he hates being touched by others…’

Isaac said to Oliver and Wyatt with a hint of excitement, “Those two beautiful ladies seem quite skilled. Why don’t you come with me to have a look?“

Wyatt did not understand Isaac’s behavior, but seeing how excited the latter was, he nodded reluctantly.

Oliver had no interest in watching Isaac flirt with women, but he caught sight of a figure from the corners of his eyes. He watched the woman chalk the pool cue, lean forward, frame her cue, aim, and hit the balls. The series of movements were executed very smoothly.

Her dusty blue too outlined her body, catching the eyes of several men nearby.

The woman was none other than Natalie who had texted Oliver about two hours ago.

Oliver’s reaction did not escape Isaac’s notice. He could see the interest in Oliver’s gaze. He smiled and asked, “Are you coming?”

“Let's go,” Oliver said curtly.

Wyatt nudged Isaac with his elbow and whispered, “What’s going on?”

Isaac said, trying to tamp his excitement, “He’s interested in that woman.”

Wyatt took half a second before he reacted. His eyes lit up, and he asked, “The one in the burgundy dress?”

“No, the one in a blouse!” Isaac said, clicking his tongue in disapproval, “Don’t you know? He likes the charming and innocent type!”

On the other side.

Natalie’s skills could be considered good among women, but compared to Jane, she was still a novice. When Jane hit the balls, three balls fell into the pockets.

At this time, someone called out from behind, “Hey!”

Natalie turned around and immediately ran into someone. Her nose brushed against the other party’s clothing. She instinctively stepped back, and her lower back knocked into the pool table, causing her to fall back.
###Chapter 32 Flirting With Another Man
Natalie felt a strong arm wrap around her waist, pulling her forward. In the next moment, her face was pressed against the other party’s chest. Through the thin fabrics of the other party’s clothes, she could feel the other party’s heat and muscles. Most importantly, she smelled the familiar and subtle scent of eucalyptus. When she raised her head, she met a pair of cold dark eyes.

‘Oliver?’

Natalie’s eyes and mouth widened in shock as she looked at Oliver speechlessly.

Oliver looked down at Natalie expressionlessly. It was as though he did not recognize her.

“Thank you for helping my friend, but you can let go now,” Jane said, rescuing Natalie from Oliver’s grasp before she stood protectively in front of the latter. Although she was smiling, a hint of vigilance could be seen in her eyes.

Oliver ignored Jane, looking directly past Jane at Natalie.

Natalie bit her lip, feeling slightly vexed. ‘Why do I always run into him whenever I go out?’

At this time, Isaac, who was already holding a handcrafted pool cue, asked, “Miss Jane, care for a game?”

Jane recognized Isaac and Wyatt, who was standing next to Isaac, but she did not know the handsome man who had hugged her best friend earlier. She knew most of the young elites here, but she did not know who he was.

“These are my good friends,” Isaac said, introducing Oliver and Wyatt, before he said, “Miss Jane, you were teasing that beautiful lady with your superior skills earlier. Why don’t we have a competition in teams of twos?”

“Teams of twos?” Jane asked.

Jane knew that Isaac was in charge of RK Media, so she was more tolerant of him. After all, it would be beneficial to Natalie. She observed him briefly and saw him looking at Natalie a few times. Then, she asked half-jokingly, “Are you trying to catch my friend’s attention?”

‘If that’s his intention, then there’s no need for us to play the game…’

Meanwhile, as soon as Jane spoke, Isaac felt a chilly gaze on his back. When he turned around, he saw Oliver’s cold expression.

‘Oh, it seems like Oliver is really interested in that woman!’

Isaac reacted quickly and said, “Miss Jane, you can’t say words like that casually. You don’t want me to exiled to a remote country because of your words, do you? I really don’t have any intentions regarding your friend. I was going to suggest that you and I team up while Oliver teams up with your friend.”

After Isaac made his stance so clear, how could Jane not understand what was going on? She looked at Oliver and said, “I’m sorry, but Natalie already has a boyfriend, so don’t bother. It’s okay to be friends though.”.

Natalie was going to explain the situation to Jane, but she was a step too slow.

Jane continued to say, “Her boyfriend’s name is Adrian.”

Natalie quickly stopped Jane and said, “Alright, alright, that’s enough. Let’s just play.”

Jane raised an eyebrow, surprised. After all, she knew Natalie was extremely loyal in her relationships. She said teasingly, “Oh? You have Adrian, but you still want to flirt with another guy? Alright, alright. No matter what you want to do, I’ll always support you.”

Natalie lowered her head, too afraid to look at Oliver. However, even if she did not look at him, she could imagine how terrible his expression must be at this moment.

Indeed, Oliver’s expression was rather dark, especially after he heard the words, ‘You have Adrian, but you still want to flirt with another guy’. He did not say anything. Instead, he picked up a pool cue and tested its feel before he walked toward Natalie.

Upon seeing this, worried that Oliver would swing the pool cue at her, Natalie called out, wanting to explain, “Oliver…”

Seeing the nervous expression on Natalie’s face, Isaac chuckled and said to Natalie, “Hey, if you’re afraid, you can team up with Wyatt.”

Oliver glanced at Isaac upon hearing this. Then, he took a step toward Natalie.

Natalie took a step back.

“I…”

“What? Do you want to team up with Wyatt?” Oliver asked.

Natalie could not tell if he was being sarcastic or not, but she soon heard him say, “Let’s start.”

The group’s attractive appearances quickly attracted the attention of others. Many people nearby stopped their own games to watch them play.

Wyatt stood in the middle and arranged the balls, acting as the referee. He said, “Best of three. What are the stakes?“

One of the onlookers called out, “The losers have to kiss!”

Wyatt truly admired the courage of the onlooker for daring to suggest such a thing in front of Oliver. Unexpectedly, he heard Oliver say, “Deal.”

Natalie stared at Oliver in disbelief.

“Miss Watson, are you unwilling?” Oliver asked expressionlessly.

“N-no…” Natalie did not dare to refuse Oliver.

Jane did not expect Natalie to agree so readily. After a moment, she turned around and looked at Isaac playfully as she said, “If we lose, do you really dare to kiss me?”

Isaac shook his head and said without any hesitation, “Miss Jane, I value my life very much. I have no interest in risking my life.”

Wyatt thought about it for a moment before he said, “Alright, for the both of you, if you lose, you’ll both get a smack on the arm.”

“That’s fine with me.”

Meanwhile, Natalie muttered to herself in confusion, “Why does Isaac seem afraid of Jane?”

Unexpectedly, Oliver, who was standing behind her, said, “Don’t you know?”

Natalie shook her head.

‘Should I know why?’

Oliver scoffed slightly. He was not sure if Natalie was just stupid or if Natalie just trusted Jane unconditionally. However, it was clear to him that Natalie had never asked Jane about the shocking Watkins case years ago.

At this time, Wyatt flipped a coin. With that, it was decided that Jane and Isaac would go first.

The patrons of the clubs were almost all young elites. It was not surprising that they were all somewhat acquainted with each other. However, it seemed like not many recognized Oliver.

One of the onlookers, who recognized Isaac, cheered, “Go Isaac!”

At the same time, a few women could not help but discuss among themselves.

“I don’t know who that man is, but he’s really handsome. I’m really considering asking for his phone number.”

Her friend raised her chin, gesturing at Natalie, as she said, “Can’t you see he’s interested in that woman?”

She glanced at Natalie’s strikingly beautiful face before she finally sighed in disappointment.

At this time, Jane had already hit two balls into the pocket.

Upon seeing this, Natalie felt a little nervous. She said to Oliver in a low voice, “I don’t know why I feel a bit nervous…”

“It’ll be fine,” Oliver said as he lowered his head to chalk his pool cue. His movements were elegant yet lazy, and they held a hint of arrogance.

Natalie continued to say, “But my skills are terrible…”

“If you’re skills are terrible, why do you even bother to play?” Oliver asked, showing no mercy.

‘Can’t I play to improve?’

Natalie pursed her lips.

Jane was very good at calculating the formation of the balls after she hit them, making things difficult for the opponent who went after her.

Sure enough, Natalie missed.

Isaac pocketed a ball, then it was Oliver’s turn.

Natalie said, cheering Oliver on, “You can do it!”

Natalie naturally wanted to win. She did not want to kiss Oliver. Although they were married, their relationship was not even as intimate as that of friends.

Oliver looked at her. Her voice was soft and sweet when she spoke, and her eyes were bright and clear when she looked at him. He thought she likely did not know that her current appearance was very alluring.

“We’ll get by. Don’t worry.”


Then, Oliver tossed the block of chalk to the back, and an employee hurried forward to catch it. Then, he leaned forward and took aim. His movements were fast and accurate, with a hint of leisure.

In the next second, he pocketed all the remaining balls.

The whole venue fell silent for a moment before everyone exploded in cheers.

”So cool! He’s so cool!”

“That can’t be the extent of his skills, right? It’s obvious that he was just playing casually earlier!”

“Hey, handsome! Do you have a girlfriend? What do you think about me? Can I pursue you?”

Meanwhile, Natalie looked at Oliver in shock. “You call that just getting by?”

Oliver feigned modesty and replied, “It’s just luck.”

Wyatt really wanted to see Oliver kiss Natalie, so he said, “This is not fair. The skill gap is too big. It’s not fun like this!”

Oliver put down the cue and said, “Let’s continue playing then.”

In the second round, Natalie did not pocket any balls.

When it was Jane’s turn, she almost swept the whole table clean, leaving only one ball behind.

With this, the teams came to a tie.

In the third round, Oliver flipped the coin, and he started first. He easily pocketed four balls.

“I’ll have to rely on you to win again!” Natalie said. She had the feeling of winning without exerting any effort.

‘It seems like she really doesn’t want to kiss me…’

Oliver narrowed his eyes but did not say anything.

Isaac and Wyatt exchanged a glance silently. With Oliver’s skills, they knew he could have easily pocketed for balls. There was no doubt he was intentionally downplaying his skills.
###Chapter 33 Creating Opportunities
Jane took over and pocketed five balls while Natalie pocketed three.

Natalie looked at Oliver in disappointment and said with a sigh, “It’s over. We’re going to lose.”

Oliver’s expression was very dark at this moment.

The remaining few balls were not hard to hit, and Jane felt confident about their victory, so she chatted casually with Isaac.

“Did you invest in the autumn car show this year?”

“Yes, why?” Isaac asked as he hit a ball into a pocket.

“What do you think of Natalie?” Jane asked meaningfully, “She was chosen to go for an interview for the show. Do you think she’ll be chosen in the end?”

“Huh?”

Isaac was surprised, causing him to miss the shot. After all, he had been thinking about how to contact Natalie so he could create opportunities for Oliver. Unexpectedly, the opportunity came to him so easily.

Seeing that Isaac missed the shot, Natalie laughed. “Thanks for going easy on me, Isaac!”

Jane frowned. “What’s wrong with you, Isaac?”

At the same time, Wyatt looked at Isaac disdainfully.

“That was an accident… I was distracted…” Isaac said sheepishly, feeling guilty.

Natalie was in good form this time. During her turn, she effortlessly made the last two shots. Finally, she had her chance to shine.

“Oliver and Miss Watson won,” Wyatt said as he looked at Isaac sarcastically.

“Isaac, roll up your sleeves!” Jane said with a threatening smile as she raised her hand and prepared to hit Isaac’s arm.

‘What a useless teammate! How could we have lost?‘

Isaac sighed and accepted his fate to be punished.

“Just to clarify, it’s fair that I punish you once. You can’t sabotage Natalie’s chances during the interview,” Jane said.

“Of course not!” Isaac said. In fact, he actually wanted to sign Natalie. He knew she had the potential to be a supermodel. She would definitely be a fashion icon in the future.

A loud smack rang in the air.

“Ouch!”

Isaac inhaled sharply as red welts appeared immediately on his arm.

After that, Jane raised her arm in front of Isaac. He looked at her delicate and soft arm before he said, “Forget it. As a man, I can’t bring myself to hit you.”

Jane raised an eyebrow before she lowered her arm and said, “Well, it’s only right that I don’t have to be punished. After all, you’re the reason we lost.”

Isaac felt another blow on his heart. “Miss Jane, your words are really ruthless.”

Jane only smiled.

“We only spoke about punishing the losers, but we haven’t decided on what the winners have to do,” Wyatt said. He glanced at Oliver and saw that the latter had no intention of objecting to his words.“

“What? The winners also have to do something? Why are we being punished when we won?”

Natalie felt like Wyatt was toying with her.

Someone next to Wyatt said, “You don’t know the rules. It must be your first time here. It’s not a punishment; it’s a reward!”

Natalie looked at Oliver, who was leaning against the table indifferently. In the end, she asked, “So what do the winners have to do?”

Wyatt looked at the expressionless Oliver before he said, “You have to kiss Oliver’s neck.”

Natalie exclaimed, “What?!”

Meanwhile, everyone cheered.

“This is good! Your suggestion is really good!”

“Will it just end with a kiss on the neck? Who knows if it’ll develop something more?”

“Come on, come on! Let’s get started.”

Natalie’s ears turned red when she felt everyone’s gaze on her, and she looked at Jane for help.

Jane shrugged, indicating there was nothing she could do. She thought to herself mischievously, ‘Darling, since you agreed to kiss if you lose earlier, what’s a kiss on the neck?’

In fact, Jane always felt that Natalie could do better. She did not have a good impression of Adrian.

“Oliver...” Natalie called out tentatively. She looked at him, hoping he would refuse.

“Hmm?”

Oliver looked at her; his gaze as cold as ever. He did not refuse. Instead, he was waiting for her to make a move.

Natalie bit her lip and looked at his neck. His Adam’s apple was quite distinct, and when it moved, it looked incredibly sexy. She moved to stand in front of him, only reaching his shoulders. She did not dare to look at him at all, and she could hear her heart pounding in her chest. After a moment, she took a deep breath and mustered up her courage before she looked up, tiptoed, and kissed his neck nervously; exerting a little too much while she was at it.

Subsequently, Natalie hastily stepped back with crimson cheeks. Perhaps due to her haste, she lost balance.

Oliver quickly reached out and held her waist. Then, he said in a low voice that only the two of them could hear, “Why are you so embarrassed when you’re kissing your own man?”

Shocked and embarrassed, Natalie hurriedly moved back.

Feeling sorry, Jane quickly wrapped her arm around Natalie’s shoulders, slightly blocking Natalie behind her. Then, she said, bidding farewell to everyone, “Everyone, Natalie and I still have something to do, so we’ll take our leave first. If there’s a chance, let’s meet again!”

Isaac raised his hand and said, “Alright, take care!”

Natalie took a few steps before she turned back to look at Oliver. He stood in the dim light, and she could not see his face and could only see his tall figure; but for some reason, she had a feeling that he was looking at her.

Isaac walked over and asked with a nosy expression, “What are you thinking about, Oliver?”

Oliver did not respond and left using the VIP exit.

At the same time, a woman saw this and tried to catch up, hoping to get Oliver’s number. However, before she could get close, two men, dressed in black suits, seemingly appeared out of thin air and blocked her way.

“Miss, you can’t enter.”

“What? Why? I’m also a VIP member.”

“Because my boss can easily revoke your membership.”

“…”
###Chapter 34 Woman, Are You Indirectly Confessing to Me?
In the VIP parking space.

Several luxury cars were parked there.

Oliver got into a silver Bugatti and drove away.

Isaac asked, puzzled, “Wyatt, what’s going on? Why did Oliver leave so abruptly?”

Wyatt adjusted his glasses and looked at Isaac as though he was an idiot and said, “It’s because he ‘s turned on…”

Isaac's eyes widened. “What the hell?!”

…

Indeed, Oliver’s desire was stirred up after Natalie kissed his neck.

He drove extremely quickly, as though he was using the excitement from the high speed to dilute his desire.

He loosened his tie with one hand, feeling irritated that he could not control his emotions.

…

After leaving the club, Jane remained silent.

“Jane, what are you thinking about?” Natalie asked.

“I’m thinking about that guy, Oliver,” Jane thought about it for a moment before she said, “Isaac is from the renowned Black family; he’s in charge of the entertainment division of RK Group. As for Wyatt, he’s the CEO of DT Technology. DT and RK Group have a cooperative relationship. The two of them are rather important figures, but they seem to hold Oliver in high regard. However, I’ve never heard of someone like Oliver among the young elites I know.”

Natalie thought that it was better if she kept Oliver’s identity from Jane. It was Oliver’s secret after all. Most importantly, nothing good would come out of knowing the secret of someone like Oliver. Who knew what he would do to make sure his secret remained a secret?

...

It was late summer, and the summer night still carried the heat from the day.

Natalie sighed as she walked into Rosewood Estate, wondering how she should explain the changes in the relationships between her, Oliver, Adrian, and Hailey.

Thinking about Oliver, she could not figure out why his behavior tonight was so strange. It seemed like he did not reject her as much as before.

“Madam, you’re back!”

Liam’s voice pulled her back to her senses, and she discovered that she had already entered the house. She smiled and greeted, “Hello, Liam.”

Liam nodded with a smile before he said, “Madam, Young Master is waiting for you inside.

Natalie’s heart skipped a beat.

‘Oliver came back so quickly? Don’t tell me he wants to settle accounts with me?’

Natalie took a deep breath before she walked in.

Oliver sat on the spacious couch alone. He had already changed into his casual home attire. Although the light gray pants he wore were loose, they still could not hide the fact that he had muscular legs. He did not need to speak at all, and just sitting there quietly, he was already extremely eye-catching.

“Oliver,” Natalie said conscientiously, “I didn’t tell Jane about your secret.”

“What secret?” Oliver raised an eyebrow, wondering which of his dark secrets Natalie was talking about.

“I… I…”

Natalie struggled to put her thoughts into words.

“Hmm?”

Oliver put his iPad aside and looked at her.

“T-that… That you’re not ugly as rumored and that you’re actually really handsome. Also, you’re not actually without power; you’re actually very capable and successful…”

Oliver was momentarily stunned. He did not expect Natalie to say this. After she finished speaking, he saw that her ears had turned red and she did not even dare to look at him. A thought suddenly appeared in his mind, and he asked, “Woman, are you praising me? Are you indirectly confessing to me?”

Natalie rolled her eyes inwardly, but she said, “Yes, yes, I was praising you.”

“Are you being perfunctory with me?” Oliver asked, slightly annoyed. He moved closer to her and held her chin.

Natalie was forced to look, but she did not dare to meet his eyes. She quickly looked down, only for her gaze to land on his Adam’s apple, which was bobbing slightly. With this, the scene from the club earlier flashed in her mind.

Similarly, when Oliver noticed where her gaze was, he could not but recall the earlier scene.

“Don’t go to places like that next time,” Oliver said before he suddenly let her go and turned away. He could still remember the soft feeling of her lips on his Adam’s apple.

“It’s a clubhouse. It’s not like I went to a nightclub,” Natalie said, “Moreover, I only went there to play pool.”

“If I said you’re not allowed to go, then you’re not allowed to go,” Oliver said domineeringly.

“Fine.”

...

The next day.

Natalie had to attend the audition for the car campaign today, so she woke up early.

Oliver heard the sound of footsteps before he caught a glimpse of the figure coming down the stairs from the corners of his eyes.

Natalie wore a light blue chiffon blouse today, and a pair of white pants covered her long and slender legs. She applied a light layer of makeup on her face, making her delicate features look even more eye-catching. Her long hair was pulled up into a high ponytail. She carried a light brown shoulder bag over her shoulder, exuding a youthful and gentle charm.

“Good morning, Oliver,” Natalie said. Then, she remembered that she had yet to tell him that she was going out today, so she added, “I… I, uh, have an audition today.”

“What audition?”

“Didn’t you hear it when Jane spoke about it Isaac when we’re at the clubhouse? It’s the audition for RK…” Natalie replied before she asked cautiously, “Is that okay?”

Oliver looked at her expectant gaze coldly and scoffed. Then, he said, “Let’s go.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he started walking outside.

At this time, Natalie finally realized that Oliver was already dressed in an expensive black pinstripe suit, ready to go out. He looked extremely domineering. She asked, surprised, “Are you… going out?”

Natalie pursed her lips when she saw him looking at her with a look that seemed to ask her what right she had to ask about him.

“Get in the car.”

Oliver tilted his head slightly, gesturing toward the Maybach.

‘Huh? Isn’t Liam going to arrange a car for me like before?’ Natalie wondered inwardly. If she had a choice, she really did not want to ride in the same car as Oliver.

Even though the Maybach's interior space was spacious, it couldn't alleviate the suffocating dominance of Oliver."
###Chapter 35 Get lost
“Oliver, are you passing by RK Media? If it’s not on the way, I can just take another car,” Natalie said.

Oliver had already opened up the laptop on his lap at this time. The light from the laptop illuminated his face, making his features more distinct. Upon hearing her words, he stopped what he was doing and glanced at her, asking, “You don’t want to ride with me?”

Ever since Oliver found out that her previous actions might not have been to attract his attention, he would be inexplicably irritated and angry when she tried to maintain a distance from him.

‘What a disobedient pet!’

Natalie had yet to figure out how to respond when she heard him say in an icy and ruthless voice, “If you don’t want to, then get lost! You can walk there!”

“…”

If she could have walked down the mountain, she would not have sat in a car with him. In the end, she bit her lip, cursing the bad-tempered man a hundred times in her heart as she got into the car.

...

“Oliver, you can just stop the car on the side of the road there. I’ll walk over. Thank you,” Natalie said as she pointed at the road near the building of RK Media.

Oliver looked over. The distance between the place she pointed and RK Media was just a few hundred yards. Moreover, based on the way she was looking around outside, he could tell what she was thinking. His gaze was cold as he said mockingly, “What? Are you embarrassed to be seen in my car?”

“No, no, I just feel like I’ve troubled you enough for sending me here,” Natalie said. At the same time, she complained inwardly, ‘If someone sees me getting out of a luxury, they might think I’m some wealthy man’s mistress.’

Oliver did not believe her nonsense. He told the driver to stop the car and said, issuing an eviction notice, “Get out.”

Natalie got out of the car and looked at the building that was over half a mile away, biting her lip in anger.

‘That man definitely left me so far away on purpose!’

…

When Natalie arrived, there were already many people there.

People stood in groups of two or three, chatting. Some looked confident, and some looked nervous and worried, seeking reassurance and comfort from their companions.

“I heard only thirty people will be selected out of more than 200 applicants! The competition is super fierce!”

Someone laughed. “An unknown model like me probably doesn’t stand a chance at all. In any case, I only came to RK to see Isaac. I heard he’s one of the interviewers today. They say he’s even more handsome than in photos. His appearance is that of a refined gentleman!”

“Speaking of which, no one seems to have seen RK’s CEO before. No one knows what he looks like. Some say he’s a balding middle-aged man while some say he’s even more handsome than Isaac.”

...

When Natalie heard the words ‘CEO of RK’, Oliver’s face suddenly appeared in her mind.

‘It can’t be, right? Oliver is so young. If he’s really the brain behind RK Group, then he’s really too terrifying…’

Natalie continued to listen to the conversation absentmindedly.

“The young miss from the Watson family is here today as well. She’s quite famous in the modeling industry. The main model for the B segment will definitely be her. Not only that, but the second miss of the Harrington family is also here!”

In Paykston, the Harrington family was among the top ten families. Noah, the second miss of the Harrington family, was anything but low-profile. She was a social media influencer, frequently flaunting her wealth for everyone to see. She could be considered a small Internet celebrity.

‘Hailey, Noah…’

Natalie frowned, irritated when she heard the mention of those two people.

Noah was Adrian’s sister, and since the moment Natalie and Noah met, they had not gotten along very well.

Noah was spoiled and arrogant. In the past, Natalie tolerated Noah for Adrian’s sake. However, now that things had ended between her and Adrian, she would not spare any patience for Noah if Noah provoked her today!

...

After Isaac parked his car, he saw a familiar Maybach pulling into the VIP parking space. The string of sixes on the number plate confirmed the identity of the owner of the car immediately. He walked over to have a look and confirmed that it was indeed Oliver.

“Oliver, why are you here?” Isaac asked, pleasantly surprised.

Oliver held a cigarette between his fingers, and the smoke from the cigarette obscured his handsome face. He asked, “There’s an audition for the car campaign today?”

Isaac perked up immediately. He asked, “Did you come because you knows Natalie is auditioning today? No wonder you weren’t interested in the models I introduced you! As it turns out, you already have someone you like! I have to say, if you hadn’t taken a liking to her, I would’ve been tempted to pursue her myself… I, uh…”

Isaac stopped speaking abruptly when he realized the temperature in the surroundings had dropped.

Oliver’s expression was also extremely icy at this moment.

Isaac asked tentatively, “Oliver, are you… upset?”

“No,” Oliver said. He got out of the car and put out his cigarette before he closed the door.

Isaac scratched his head, wondering inwardly, ‘Was it my imagination then?’

Isaac knew how rare it was for Oliver to be interested in a woman. Hence, he quickly sent a message to the audition team, telling them that the models would have to wear only their bras and underwear for the audition. Perhaps he would be able to stimulate Oliver on the spot.

...

When Natalie heard about the requirement, she froze.

‘Underwear will be provided in the fitting room, and we’ll have to be in our bras and underwear during the interview?’

Natalie’s expression changed slightly. If she had known about this beforehand, she might have… No, she still would have come. After all, she needed the money, and RK’s car campaign was extremely prestigious.

…

The audition team also prepared black robes for everyone.

After changing, Natalie came out of the dressing room. She did not expect to meet the two people she least wanted to see so soon.

As soon as Noah saw Natalie, she said disdainfully, “Hailey, that despicable woman is here as well. I really don’t understand how a talentless person like her passed the first round of audition…”

Natalie and Noah were classmates in high school. In the past, Natalie was the school beauty, and Noah could not stand the woman whom she felt stole her spotlight. What was even more infuriating to her was that Natalie even got together with her brother! In her opinion, it was fortunate that her brother had seen Natalie’s true colors now.

“Noah, don’t talk like that,” Hailey said, pretending to persuade Noah. Then, she looked at Natalie and said with a smile, “Natalie, you’re here too.”

Meanwhile, the models in the surroundings looked at Natalie curiously.

In fact, some people had already noticed Natalie earlier. After all, she was stunning, and her delicate bone structure was captivating. Even among a group of models, she was very eye-catching. They thought that she was a formidable competitor.

“That’s Miss Watson and Miss Noah, right?”

Someone looked at Natalie and asked in a low voice, “Who is she? How does she know Miss Watson and Miss Noah?”
###Chapter 36 Bikini Beauties
“Who knows? She’s just an unknown model!” 
 
Upon hearing the words ‘unknown model’, Natalie felt a twinge in her heart. If it were not for G Entertainment using her to pave the way for Hailey, she would not have been an unknown model. 
 
Natalie recollected herself before she sized Noah up from head to toe. Noah was still dressed in a Valentino suit and had added inches to height with her platform shoes. She smiled lightly and asked, “Miss Noah, if you make it with your height, why can’t I?” 
 
“Natalie, you!” 
 
Noah was furious. She hated it when people mentioned her height. It had always been her dream to become a supermodel, and her height was her biggest obstacle. At most, she could only be a print model. This time, she had received special treatment thanks to her family connections. 
 
Fueled by her anger, Natalie swung her hand at Natalie. 
 
Natalie reached out and grabbed Noah’s hand, pushing the latter back. 
 
Noah stumbled back and ended up falling to the ground. 
 
At this time, Hailey, who had been silent all this time, rushed over to help Noah. Then, she pointed at Natalie and asked, “Natalie, how could you hit Noah? Is it because Adrian doesn’t like you so you’re taking it out on her?” 
 
Natalie was speechless. Only a few days had passed by her older sister’s talent for fabricating stories and stirring up trouble had increased. 
 
“Natalie, it’s not Adrian’s fault that he doesn’t like you,” Hailey said with a sad expression on her face, “Even if you like Adrian, I hope you won’t interfere in my relationship with him.” 
 
Noah quickly chimed in, “That’s right. I’m telling you, my brother has a great relationship with Hailey. Don’t even think about getting involved.” 
 
Upon hearing this, someone said, “Oh, dear. As it turns out, she’s a third party! A little unknown model like her actually has thoughts about Mr. Harrington. What a joke!” 
 
As soon as one person spoke, the others followed suit, criticizing Natalie and demanding that she leave the audition and the industry. 
 
“This woman is pretty, but I didn’t expect her to be so despicable!”  
 
“Get lost! Why don’t you leave? Don’t bother auditioning!” 
 
Although some of them were driven by a sense of justice, there were also some who only spoke up because they wanted to eliminate Natalie, whom they saw as a strong competitor. 
 
Suddenly, a clear laughter rang in the air, interrupting everyone. 
 Everyone looked at Natalie, who had suddenly burst out laughing, in confusion. 

Natalie said, “Miss Watson, you’re the only one who treats Adrian as a treasure. You should keep an eye on him. I heard that he frequents All Night Manor and contributes significantly to their nightly income!“

What cost the most at All Night Manor? Alcohol? No, it was the escorts.

Jane had told Natalie about this in the past. Initially, Natalie chose to believe in Adrian because she did not see it with her own eyes, but now…

“You're talking nonsense!” Noah refuted. Then, she turned to Hailey, explaining anxiously with a red face, “Hailey, don’t listen to her nonsense! My brother would never do that!”

Hailey forced a smile on her face and said, “I believe in Adrian.”

Natalie said with a shrug, “Alright then. He’s your boyfriend, after all. Whether you believe it or not has nothing to do with me.”

With this sentence, Natalie completely distanced herself from Adrian.

Meanwhile, the models, who were criticizing Natalie earlier, fell silent and chose not to speak for the time being.

Noah gritted her teeth. She naturally knew what her brother was like. Indeed, it was just as Natalie had said, but she had to defend her brother after all.

…

The models were divided into 40 groups, and each group had five people.

Natalie was in the 19th group, and she did not know anyone in her group.

However, just as Natalie’s group was about to enter, Hailey and Noah suddenly came over with someone from the audition team, replacing two models in the group.

“We have to change the order all of a sudden. Alright, get ready,” the employee said before flashing a fawning smile at Hailey and Noah, saying, “Miss Noah, are you satisfied with this arrangement?”

“Yes.”

Noah nodded before looking at Natalie provocatively and arrogantly. It was as though she wanted to show off how the influence of her family allowed her to easily change groups.

Hailey said insincerely, “Natalie, do your best later!”

Noah said snidely, “What’s the point of doing her best? I’m afraid she won’t be selected anyway.”

Sienna had likely not told the company about the termination of Natalie’s contract so Hailey was confident that she could suppress Natalie with the company’s power.

An employee opened the double doors, revealing a spacious room.

In the room, a Maserati GranCabrio was displayed on stage. Its eye-catching lemon color looked even more eye-catching under the spotlight.

The lights in the audience seats were only turned on for the first row where the judges were seated. The judges comprised of three men and two women.

When the group walked in, the other two models could not help but speak among themselves.

“Wow! This car must cost millions! RK’s interviews are always so flashy with their luxury cars.”

“Isn’t Isaac supposed to come? Why don’t I see him?”

The employee looked at the duo and scolded, “Keep quiet. Otherwise, your points will be deducted.”

“S-Sorry!”

The duo exchanged a look and quickly fell silent.

Meanwhile, Natalie’s eyes fell on the back row of the audience seat. It was dark there, and she could not see anything. However, for some reason, she felt as though someone was staring at her from that direction.

Apart from that, Natalie felt that the five judges were behaving rather strangely. They sat abnormally straight with extremely solemn expressions on their faces. It was as though they were being supervised by their boss.

“Treat this car as a prop. The five of you will audition at the same time. We’ll begin after you find the position.”

As soon as the employee spoke, Noah shot a look at the two models.

The two models understood the meaning immediately. They stepped forward and quickly blocked Natalie’s way.

Natalie frowned and said in a low voice, “Please let me through.”

“Just give up. This is because you offended Miss Noah and Miss Watson. We can’t afford to provoke them either.”

There were only four positions to pose with the convertible sports car; the front, the left side, the right side, and the rear. Needless to say, the front was naturally the best position.

RK Media had deliberately placed the models in groups of five to stimulate competition. As such, they naturally would turn a blind eye to such things unless a physical fight broke out.

…

In the back row of the audience seats.

Two people sat in the darkness.

At this time, Isaac’s head was lowered as he sent a message to Wyatt.

Isaac: The beautiful Natalie has appeared! She’s auditioning in a bikini! Do you want me to take pictures of the bikini beauties for you?

DT Technology had recently taken on a billion-dollar project, so Wyatt had been very busy with work recently.

It took a few seconds before Wyatt finally replied.

Wyatt: You made the models audition in bikinis?’

As though he had done something smart, Isaac was very proud when he replied to Wyatt.

Isaac: Yes! The models are dressed in black bikinis!

Wyatt sent the latest information he had found out about Natalie to Isaac before he sent another message.

Wyatt: You’re dead.

Isaac opened the file, and soon, his eyes widened in shock.

‘Damn it! Natalie… She’s the person from the Watson family who married Oliver?!’

“Oliver,” Isaac asked tremblingly, “Is Natalie… Is she from the Watson family? Is she… your wife?”

Oliver, who was sitting with his legs crossed, looked at Isaac expressionlessly and replied with a grunt, “Yes.”
###Chapter 37 Oliver, Should I Stop the Audition?
‘Uh…’

Isaac suddenly felt like he could not breathe.

‘No wonder. I always felt that there was something wrong with Oliver since we entered the room and saw the women in bikinis… I thought he was just unhappy because he had a reaction. As it turns out… Oh, no! I made his wife parade around in a bikini in front of others… This is simply suicidal! Is there time for me to change the models’ attire?’

Alas, it was too late now.

…

On the stage.

After Hailey and Noah smoothly took their positions at the front and at the left of the car, the two models confidently took the positions at the back and the right side of the car.

With this, everyone’s gaze fell on Natalie who stood alone.

Natalie’s skin seemed to shine under the spotlight. Her waist was slender, and her legs were long. Even a hint of abdominal lines could be seen on her stomach.

All in all, it was a figure that would make it hard for men to resist.

…

Oliver’s eyes suddenly narrowed, and his fingers that were tapping the wooden armrest suddenly froze. He really wanted to wrap her tempting figure up with a blanket at this moment. After all, his belongings should not be displayed for others to see.

“Oliver, should I stop the audition?” Isaac asked, gulping. He finally realized how foolish his previous actions were.

‘Heavens, what kind of trouble did I get myself into?’

Before Isaac could speak again, a loud bang suddenly rang from the stage.

“Ah!”

“Oh, my goodness!”

Two buckets that were placed on the side suddenly exploded, splashing the models standing near the car.

Hailey, in particular, bore the brunt of it and was drenched from head to toe, looking very disheveled.

Natalie took a step back in fright. If it were not for the four people blocking her, she would have been soaked as well.

Noah’s legs were wet. She said with a disgusted expression, “Is the water clean? This is so gross!”

“What's happening?”

“What’s going on backstage?”

The judges were also bewildered.

Hailey’s wet hair was plastered on her face. The corners of her lips twitched as she suppressed her temper before she looked at the head judge sitting in the center and asked, “We’re in such a state now… How are we going to continue the audition like this?”

Cory Clayton, the head judge, frowned. He was about to ask the people backstage about this unexpected incident when he suddenly received a message from Isaac.

Isaac: Change their audition attire immediately!

Cory did not understand the reason behind Isaac’s message, but he quickly ordered, “Have them change into new clothes for the audition!”

…

Oliver silently put away his silenced gun with a blank expression on his face. He was the one who had caused the two buckets to explode with a single shot.

When Isaac felt the low pressure around him, he did not dare to speak. Instead, he questioned Wyatt angrily.

Isaac: Why the hell didn’t you tell me sooner?

Wyatt: I just found out yesterday. I was too busy and forgot to tell you about it. Is it my fault that you’re too impulsive?

‘Damn it! This guy is too unreliable!’

…

An employee led Natalie and the other four women to the changing rooms. This time, they were given a black dress each that showcased their figures without being revealing.

Upon seeing this, one of the models muttered under her breath, “Why do we have to wear this? It’s unfair. We’re obviously at a disadvantage compared to the others.”

The employee said, “Miss, this is an order from our superior. If you’re unhappy, you’re free to leave.”

The model pouted and quickly fell silent.

After changing her clothes, Natalie sighed in relief. She did not expect to benefit from this misfortune.

Meanwhile, Hailey blew her hair dry with a gloomy expression on her face. She did not have time to dry her completely and was forced to tie it up hastily. Not only that, but she did not even have a chance to fix her makeup before she had to rush back on stage.

The other four people naturally returned to their positions, once again leaving Natalie out.

…

“Why don’t I go and help Sister-in-law?” Isaac suggested tentatively.

“Shut up,” Oliver said icily.

“As you wish!”

Isaac made a gesture of zipping his mouth shut.
Oliver’s gaze was locked on Natalie. Although the dress was ordinary and simple, it seemed to have a different and enticing charm when Natalie wore it. He looked at her curiously, wondering how she was going to resolve this awkward situation.

…

In fact, there was a simple solution to this five-person predicament, and yet, no one had thought of it. Previously, the other models fought so fiercely for the four positions, and none of them found that the best spot was still vacant.

The other four women in the group stared at Natalie intently. Noah, in particular, looked at her triumphantly and provocatively.

Unexpectedly, Natalie only smiled and opened the car door. Under the four women’s dumbfounded gaze, she stood on the seat of the convertible. She rested her hand on top of the windshield as she placed her legs in a position that revealed the curves of her long legs perfectly. She raised her chin slightly as her long hair fell over her shoulders. Her expression was cold, making her look like a brave and graceful warrior.

The other women posed in a sexy manner while Hailey posed in an elegant and refined manner, reflecting her noble persona.

Natalie’s coolness and arrogance stood out, immediately attracting the attention of the judges. Next to her, the other four women seemed like mere background decorations.

Cory Clayton stood up excitedly. He clapped his hands as he exclaimed, “Excellent! After seeing so many people, I finally found someone who satisfied me!”

The other four judges nodded in agreement.

…

Meanwhile, an unknown emotion flashed in Oliver’s eyes.

‘As expected, she seems like a completely different person once she’s on stage. She shines so brightly…’

…

“What's your name?” Cory asked.

“Natalie,” Natalie replied confidently.

“Natalie? Your name sounds familiar…” Cory said.
At this time, the female judge next to Cory said, “Cory, wasn’t there a university student named Natalie among the models in the spring fashion show you directed last year? She became rather popular at that time. I think it’s her.”

Cory Clayton was famous in the fashion industry and had directed a lot of shows. He had acted as a judge this time to scout for new talents.

“You’re right! I remember now!” Cory exclaimed after realization dawned on him. Then, he said, “Young lady, I had high hopes for you before. What happened? Why did you disappear from the industry for a year?”

“There were some issues with the company,” Natalie explained vaguely before she said, “However, I’m back now, and I’ll work hard!”

“Very good, very good. Young lady, I have high expectations for you!” Cory said, praising Natalie again. Then, he suddenly remembered something and asked his peers, “Oh, I heard there’s a promising rookie in this group as well, right?”

The judge next to him said, “It’s the one front. Her name is Hailey.”

Cory took a look at Hailey before he shook his head and said in disappointment, “You secured a good position, but your performance is average. Hailey, right? Your posture is a bit stiff. Also, your shoulders are a little broad. It would give you an advantage when wearing coats. However, this gig requires you to wear outfits that reveal our shoulders…”

After Natalie was praised and she was criticized, Hailey felt as though she had just been slapped in the face. However, she still smiled stiffly and thanked Cory. “T… Thank you for your advice, Mr. Clayton…”
###Chapter 38 Ugly Oliver
With Cory Clayton’s prestige and position, there was no need for him to consider Hailey’s background at all. The Watson family was simply not enough to suppress him.

As soon as the audition for the 19th group ended, Oliver got up and left.

“Oliver, where are you going?”

Isaac stood up and quickly followed Oliver

...

After leaving the audition room, the way the two models looked at Natalie was completely different from before. They were now trying to get close to her and spoke very politely to her.
Cory was famous in the industry for having a very keen eye. The models that he had taken notice of were now among the top domestic models. Some of them were even international models.

Noah glared at the duo fiercely and said, “Get lost!”

The duo did not dare to offend Noah and quickly left with their tails between their legs.

Noah looked at Natalie murderously as she said, “Natalie, don’t be too proud just because Cory praised you. If you’re so good, why would you still be unknown after a year? You were just lucky earlier.”

Natalie had stolen all the limelight earlier, and Cory did not even spare a glance at Noah. It was as though she was invisible. How could Noah not be furious?

“Don’t you wish you were as lucky as I was then?” Natalie retorted.

Hailey hid her jealousy due to Noah’s presence. She said, “Natalie, does the company know that you participated in the audition? If you participated without the company’s knowledge, you’d be punished. Have you forgotten? I advise you not to mess around.”

Natalie picked up her clothes and said nonchalantly, “Don’t you know? I’ve already terminated my contract with G Entertainment.”

“What?” Hailey stared at Natalie in disbelief.

Natalie smiled faintly and said, “I terminated my contract with G Entertainment a week ago. So, from now on, you can’t step on me while you try to climb up the ladder.”

“How is that possible?!”

Realizing that she had lost her composure, Hailey quickly suppressed her anger before she turned to Noah and said, “Noah, I have to speak with Natalie privately. Can you change first while we talk?”

“Okay.”

Noah obeyed Hailey’s words like a loyal minion.

When only Natalie and Hailey were left, Hailey tore off her fake disguise and asked fiercely, “Where did you get the money to pay the penalty fee? Did that ugly Oliver pay the fee for you?”In the corner, there was only Natalie and Hailey left.

“That's not important. What’s important is that I’m no longer with G Entertainment. If you don’t believe me, you can ask Sienna,” Natalie said. She felt happy just thinking about this.

“Natalie, you have to withdraw from this car campaign. Don’t forget, your brother still needs the support of the Watson family,” Hailey said. She was now panicking at the thought of Natalie snatching her position as the main model in Scene B.

Lucas was Natalie’s weakness, after all.


Natalie’s expression turned cold immediately. She grabbed Hailey’s collar and said threateningly, “Let me warn you, Hailey. If anything happens to Lucas, I’ll tell Oliver that the person who was supposed to marry him was you. I’ll tell him you despise his appearance and his lack of power in the Windsor family, so you forced me to marry him on your behalf!”

Natalie leaned closer to Hailey and continued to threaten, “Guess what will happen if Oliver finds out about this humiliation? Do you think he’ll hesitate to put a bullet through your head?”

As Natalie spoke, she pointed at Hailey’s head.

Hailey turned pale immediately. The horrifying sensation of the bullet whizzing past her legs was still fresh in her memory.

‘That masked man… is really capable of such madness…’

Natalie no longer wanted to see Hailey. She brought her clothes with her and made her way to the changing rooms where Noah had gone.
###Chapter 39 Are You Trying to Trick Me?
As Natalie approached the changing rooms, someone suddenly grabbed her from behind. A hand quickly covered her mouth to silence her before she was pulled into the men’s bathroom and pressed against the door. She could sense the extremely aggressive and masculine aura immediately.

When she looked up and saw the incredibly handsome face, her eyes widened in astonishment.

“Oliver?! What are you doing here?”

Then, realization dawned on her, and she asked, “Were you sitting in the back row of the audience seats earlier?”

Oliver raised an eyebrow, surprised. “How did you know?”

“I just had a feeling that someone was sitting in the back row…”

At the same time, Natalie recalled the black hole she had seen on the buckets that had exploded. She had not paid attention at that time, but now that she thought about it, she thought that it might have been a bullet hole.

Natalie asked tremblingly, “Did you shoot the buckets and cause them to explode?”

‘If his aim had been slightly off, someone could’ve lost their life!’

“Oh, you’re finally catching on…” Oliver said with a dark expression on his face.

“Mr. Windsor, you seem unhappy. Did I… Did I offend you in some way?” Natalie asked, biting her lip. She felt that he was here to look for trouble with her.

Oliver looked at the timid woman in front of him. She was completely different from the assertive and domineering woman on stage earlier. He held her chin and asked slowly, “Mrs. Windsor, you haven’t even worn a bikini in front of your husband, but you wore it for others to see. Are you trying to trick me? Tell me now, how do you think you’ve offended me?”

“But that’s what the company requires! It was for work!” Natalie said as she thought to herself, ‘It’s not like I dressed that way intentionally. Does he think I really wanted to dress that way?’

Natalie’s voice was not low, and coincidentally, someone entered the men’s bathroom at this time.

The sound of men’s shoes could be heard as someone said, puzzled, “A woman’s voice?”

Another person said, “Just mind your business. Perhaps someone’s having a rendezvous here.”

The former laughed. “You’re right. How exciting!”

After the conversation ended, the sound of water could be heard from outside.

Natalie’s cheeks turned red from the teasing comments and the strange sounds of water. There was also the man in front of her who was extremely close to her. He was only a hair’s breadth away from her.

“Natalie, you...” Oliver began to say.

Natalie quickly covered his mouth with her hand and shook her head vigorously. At the same time, she looked at him pleadingly, silently urging him not to speak. She was afraid of being discovered, and her state now was completely different from the glamor that models were used to in the fashion industry.

Oliver’s eyes flashed slightly as he felt her soft palm against his lips; his feelings were indescribable at this moment.

After a few moments…

The man outside asked in confusion, “Huh, why is it so quiet now?”

His companion laughed. “Maybe the guy couldn’t handle it and passed out!”

Natalie’s heart skipped a beat, and she instinctively looked at Oliver. As expected, his expression had darkened.

However, in the next moment, a hint of a smile suddenly appeared in his eyes, and he suddenly licked Natalie’s palm.

“Ah!”

The moist sensation was like an electric shock that spread rapidly through Natalie’s body. Startled, she let out a scream and quickly withdrew her hand.

“What are you doing?!”

“What did I do?” Oliver asked.

“You licked me!” Natalie glared at Oliver indignantly.

As soon as Natalie spoke, the men outside laughed.

“Hey, what did you do? Where did you lick?” one of them asked teasingly

Natalie felt both embarrassed and annoyed that she had said something that was misunderstood in that manner. She really wanted to stomp her foot in anger at this moment. If it were not for the fact that she did not want to expose herself, she really wanted to open the door so the two lecherous men could see what was really going on!

Oliver ignored the two men’s laughter. He stared at the woman trapped in his arms. Her head was lowered, looking shy and innocent. He asked, “What’s there to be shy about? Have you forgotten that you’re my wife?”

“But you don’t treat me like your wife…” Natalie muttered with her head lowered.

“Hmm? What did you say?” Oliver narrowed his eyes.

Natalie quickly changed her words, saying, “I said that the attire today was a work requirement. I’ll try not to do it again next time.”
As she spoke, she lifted her head. She was unaware that Oliver was also looking down at her. Due to their close proximity, as soon as she lifted her head, her lips met those of Oliver’s accurately.

Previously, their lips only brushed past each other, but this time, their lips were pressed together.

Natalie’s eyes widened in shock, and she even forgot to breathe. She even saw a hint of surprise in Oliver’s eyes that also contained a hint of surprise. Unlike how cold he was, his lips were incredibly soft and warm.

Meanwhile, Oliver’s gaze darkened as he felt the softness of the woman in front of him. He slowly clenched his hands into fists as the urge to kiss her fiercely rose in his heart.

Just as Oliver was about to deepen the kiss, Natalie suddenly leaned back. The back of her head hit the door, preventing her from moving further back, and she quickly tilted her head to avoid him.

The desire in Oliver’s eyes was instantly extinguished, replaced by their usual iciness. However, the feel of her lips lingered in his heart.

Natalie pushed against his chest with both hands, looking uneasy as she whispered, “Oliver, I… I need to change.”

Oliver pinched her earlobe and said in a deep and cold voice, “Remember what I said today. If you don’t listen, then there’s no need to keep your ears, understand?”

“Understood!”

Natalie covered her ears hastily as she nodded. She was afraid of what Oliver might do to her ears. At the same time, she wondered inwardly, ‘Was it my imagination when I felt that he wanted to kiss me earlier?’

The more Natalie thought about it, the more she felt that it was her imagination. Why would a madman like Oliver want to kiss her?

Seeing that it was silent outside, Natalie opened the door cautiously a crack and looked outside through a narrow slit. After confirming that there was no one around, she quickly rushed out with her clothes in hand.

“N-Natalie?!”

As soon as Natalie walked out, she saw Isaac looking at her with a dumbfounded expression on his face. He had come looking for Oliver after seeing that Oliver had not returned for a long time. Unexpectedly, he saw Oliver and Natalie come out from a cubicle in the men’s bathroom together.
‘How scandalous!’

“H-hello, Isaac…”

Natalie covered her face, embarrassed that she was caught in the men’s bathroom. Without another word, she quickly rushed out to change her clothes.

Isaac grinned and said, “Oliver, you used to be abstinent. I didn’t expect that you’d be unable to resist the pursuit of excitement and did such a thing in the bathroom.”

Oliver glanced at the custom Frida Bailey watch on his left hand before he said expressionlessly, “If that was true, do you think I’d only take twenty minutes?”

“Of course not!” Isaac said, “I’m sure you have endless stamina and can last seven rounds!”
###Chapter 40 Proud of My Husband!
Oliver’s expression did not change as he thought to himself, ‘Seven rounds? We haven’t even gone one round yet…’

Naturally, Oliver did not say this to Isaac.

…

When Natalie came out after changing her clothes, Oliver and Isaac were still outside.

Isaac spoke first.

“Natalie, we’ve already met early on. Why didn’t you say anything?”

Isaac had very high emotional intelligence. He was skilled at livening up the atmosphere and maintaining relationships. He was often able to befriend strangers in a short time.

Natalie glanced at Oliver, who was holding a cigarette between his fingers and ignoring the two of them. After a moment, she replied, “Isaac, Oliver and I are just married in name. We…”

“That’s enough.”

Oliver interjected, cutting Natalie off. He smoked the cigarette a final time before he flicked the cigarette butt into the trash can. Then, he walked away with a cold expression on his face.

Natalie was confused, unsure of what she had to anger him.

‘Why does he always get angry for seemingly no reason?’
Isaac glanced at Natalie before he hurried after Oliver, wondering what else she was going to say earlier.

‘They’re only married in name? I can’t guess what’s happening, so I might as well stop guessing.’

Isaac was used to Oliver’s predictable mood swings. He asked, “Oliver, didn't you say you were going to wait for Natalie?”

Oliver continued to walk. He did not seem like he cared about the woman he left behind as he said, “When I did I say I was going to wait for her?”

Isaac thought about it for a moment. After they came out of the men’s bathroom, Oliver had leaned against the wall with no intention of leaving.

‘We’ll, you didn’t say it, but you sure acted like it… In any case, something fishy is definitely going on…’

Isaac did not know what had happened between Oliver and Natalie in the past or what their current relationship status was. However, he knew that his initial assumption had been wrong; Oliver definitely did not see Natalie as just a trophy wife.

There was only one exit from here, so Natalie could only follow Oliver and Isaac, keeping a few feet away from them.

“Natalie!”

When Natalie heard a familiar voice calling out to her, she wanted to ignore it. However, worried that Oliver would stir up trouble, she could only stop and deal with Hailey.

Hailey had changed back into her Chanel dress, looking very elegant. She said, “Natalie, where are you going? Adrian is picking me up. We can give you a ride.“

Hailey’s current gentle and graceful appearance was a stark contrast to her ferocity when she yelled at Natalie half an hour ago.

Noah rolled her eyes. “Hailey, this woman has impure intentions toward my brother. Why do you bother with her? Only someone as kind as you would be worried about someone like her!”

Natalie knew Hailey only said those words to show off her affection with Adrian. She said with a smile, “Hailey, have you apologized to Adrian for causing trouble at the Windsor mansion? Has Adrian forgiven you?”

Hailey’s expression turned unsightly immediately when Natalie touched her sore spot. After that incident, she had to coax Adrian for a long time before he forgave her after all. She had to make up all sorts of excuses and shift the blame. Fortunately, Adrian was simple-minded; he was easily satisfied as long as she took care of his needs. When she was done with him, he had gone back to criticizing Natalie.

“I’ve already resolved my issues with Adrian, so you don’t have to worry.”

“Oh,” Natalie replied dismissively, looking bored, before she added, “In any case, I don’t need a ride. I’m going back to Rosewood Estate after all. I’m afraid your car won’t be able to enter.”

‘Is she looking down on me?’

Hailey gritted her teeth in anger before she said, “By the way, Noah, do you know she’s married to Oliver?”

Noah’s eyes lit up immediately, and she said gloatingly, “You married Oliver? Why are you so proud about when you married a disfigured man? Look at your clothes. How shabby!”

“What's wrong with being proud of my husband?” Natalie asked before she said with the air of an elder, “By the way, you should address me as ‘Aunt’.”

“Who do you think you are? Why should I address you as ‘Aunt’?” Noah said angrily before she suddenly fell silent as her gaze landed on someone. With that, a joyful and surprised expression appeared on her face immediately.

Natalie’s heart skipped a beat. She turned around stiffly and saw Oliver and Isaac.

‘They haven’t left? Does this mean they heard what I said? Did Oliver hear me say that thing about me being proud of my husband?’

Oliver stood nearby with his hands in his pocket. He looked cold and arrogant, clearly not bothered by what Noah had said about him. He had heard countless comments in the past, and they did not bother him at all. He only felt that those people were fools.

A mocking smile could be seen on Isaac’s handsome face as he thought, ‘These ignorant clowns…’

Meanwhile, seeing the indifferent expression on Oliver’s face, she thought that perhaps they did not overhear the conversation after all. It would be great if that was the case.

Meanwhile, when Noah reacted, she ran over in her high heels, looking thrilled.

“Isaac! What are you doing here? Weren’t you supposed to be present during the audition? I didn’t see you earlier. When did you arrive?”

Isaac was famous in their circle. He came from a prestigious family, and he held a high position in RK Group. Not only was he talented, but he was also good-looking.
As such, it was not surprising that Noah admired Isaac.

Isaac glanced at the idiot who ran up to him and asked, “Excuse me, miss, do I know you?”

“You don't recognize me?”

Noah’s smile froze for a moment. However, she quickly recovered and said gently, “It’s me, Noah. We met last month at a charity event. Do you remember?”

Isaac did not have any impression of Noah at all. After all, Noah looked ordinary, not particularly beautiful. However, he had heard of her name.

“Oh, so you’re Oliver’s niece. Sorry, I had no impression of you,” Isaac said bluntly.

At this time, Hailey walked over and said with a gentle smile, “Isaac, it’s an honor to meet you. I’m Hailey. I wonder if you remember an insignificant person like me?”

Isaac had a great influence in both the fashion and entertainment industry, and many people wanted to establish a good relationship with him, and Hailey was no exception.

Isaac deliberately looked at Natalie as he said, “Of course, I remember you, Miss Watson. You’re Natalie’s sister.”

Hailey's smile stiffened.

‘Does Isaac know Natalie?’

“Isaac, do you know my sister?”

“Yes, we know each other,” Isaac replied. At the same time, he glanced at Oliver and thought to himself, ‘Not only that, but I think we’re only going to be closer in the future.’

At this time, Hailey took the opportunity and ask about Oliver.

“And who’s this gentleman?”
###Chapter 41 Natalie's Lover
Hailey had noticed the man next to Isaac earlier. His appearance was outstanding, and his aura was noble and domineering. It was as though he did not care about anyone or anything. Moreover, since he was with Isaac, she knew he must have an extraordinary background as well. Such a man was a fatal temptation to women.

“This is my good friend. His surname is Windsor,” Isaac said.

Natalie was shocked.

‘Isn’t Isaac afraid of exposing Oliver’s identity by introducing him like this?‘

However, after thinking about it for a moment, it was rather unlikely for anyone to associate the handsome man in front of them with the ‘hideous’ Oliver Windsor even if they had the same surname.

Sure enough, Hailey extended her hand and said with a gentle smile, “Mr. Windsor. Nice to meet you. I’m Hailey.”

Oliver glanced at Hailey with a hint of disgust before he crooked his finger at Natalie, gesturing for Natalie, who was standing nearby, to come over.

Natalie walked over reluctantly. She did not want to get involved, but Oliver clearly did not give her a choice.

Oliver wrapped his arm around Natalie’s waist, leading her away as he said, “Let's go.”

‘Not only does Natalie know Isaac, but she knows this Mr. Windsor as well?’

Hailey felt extremely unwilling. A strong sense of unfairness surged in Hailey's heart as she looked at Natalie’s waist. Then, she called out, “Natalie! You’re so… intimate with Mr. Windsor. Aren’t you worried about upsetting your husband? Have you forgotten that you’re already married?”

Hailey deliberately emphasized Natalie’s marriage status. It seemed as though she was reminding Natalie, but her real goal was to tell Oliver that Natalie was a married woman.

Natalie was really curious. She wondered if Hailey would feel foolish if Hailey knew that the man next to her was Oliver. In the end, she only said, “If you have so much free time, you should focus on Adrian instead.”

Hailey turned around and said shamelessly, “Mr. Windsor, my sister is Oliver Windsor’s wife. Please let go of her.”
Oliver’s arm remained wrapped around Natalie’s waist as he said, “If you can’t bear the thought of her being with a man more handsome than Adrian, you should find one yourself.”

He found that his former fiancée, Hailey, was becoming more and more of a nuisance!

Meanwhile, Natalie could no longer hold back her laughter and burst out laughing. She did not expect Oliver to hit the nail on the head. Moreover, he even praised his own good looks.

“You!”

Hailey clenched her hands. Her eyes turned red as she suppressed her anger.

At this time, Noah stood up for Hailey, saying, “Mr. Windsor, Hailey is just kindly reminding you not to be deceived by this scheming woman. Don't be ungrateful!”

Noah thought that Hailey was angry because Hailey was unfairly unaccused, but only Hailey knew that she was angry at being exposed!

“Hailey, Noah!”

Adrian, who did not see the two women in the parking lot, came over at this time, breaking the stalemate.

“Adrian!”

Hailey shifted her gaze from Oliver to Adrian immediately and smiled softly.

“Brother!”

Noah seemed to have found a supporter at this moment. She glared at Natalie arrogantly before she ran to Adrian’s side. Then, she pointed at Natalie and said, “Brother, look at who’s here!”

“Natalie?!”

A hint of joy flashed in Adrian’s eyes, but his smile disappeared when he saw the hand around Natalie’s waist. He narrowed his eyes as he looked at Oliver. He questioned angrily, “Natalie, who is he?”

Noah quickly replied, “Brother, he’s Natalie’s lover!”

Natalie glanced at Oliver. Based on his icy expression, it was clear he had no intention of speaking. She really did not know what to say so she only remained silent.

In Adrian's eyes, Natalie’s behavior was a sign of acquiescence to Noah’s words. He was inexplicably annoyed by this. He strode over and grabbed her hands and said indignantly, “Natalie, how shameless can you be?”

However, before Adrian’s hand could even touch Natalie, Oliver blocked him before twisting his wrist and pushing him back. He stepped in front of Natalie, shielding her as he said with an icy gaze, “You don’t deserve to touch my woman.”

Hailey felt her heart skip a beat. She found that Oliver had a nice voice, and most importantly, she felt that it was very familiar. Unfortunately, she could not remember when she had heard it before.

Meanwhile, Adrian had felt annoyed as soon as he saw Oliver. After all, Oliver’s appearance was so outstanding that even he was shocked. The animosity he felt was only normal since someone of the same gender was much superior compared to him. Moreover, Oliver was hugging Natalie.

“Natalie, come here,” Adrian said. It was as though he was still her boyfriend.

Oliver looked at Natalie coldly, waiting to see what she would do.

Natalie moved closer to Oliver before she said, “Adrian, you should call me ‘Aunt’. Have you forgotten your uncle’s reminder?”

Oliver noticed Natalie’s subtle movements, and he could not help but smile slightly.

“Natalie, stop using Oliver to suppress me! You used to be my girlfriend!”

“You said it yourself, I used to be your girlfriend,” Natalie said. Then, she turned to Hailey before she continued, “Hailey, please control your boyfriend.”

Hailey's face had turned pale long ago. Since Adrian saw Natalie, he did not spare a glance at her even once. He was too busy arguing with Natalie.

“Mr. Windsor, let’s go,” Natalie said as she gently tugged at his sleeve.

Oliver looked at Adrian contemptuously before he tightened his grip on Natalie possessively and left.

“Natalie, you fickle woman!” Adrian shouted angrily.

Natalie glanced up at Oliver, and she saw his lips moving slightly as he glanced at Adrian, mouthing the word ‘imbecile’.

It was not until Natalie completely disappeared from sight that Adrian remembered Hailey and Noah.

At this time, a hint of resentment flashed in Hailey’s eyes. However, she quickly covered it. Up and said with tears in her eyes, looking gentle and pitiful, “Adrian, it seems like you still care about Natalie. If you still like her, we can…”

Noah quickly interjected to ease the tension. “Hailey, don’t overthink it. My brother was just a little angry.”

Then, Noah turned to Adrian and said, “Brother, Natalie is a terrible person. You saw it too. She even mocked Hailey when you weren’t around earlier. You should comfort Hailey.”

“Hailey, I no longer have any feelings for Natalie,” Adrian said, hugging Hailey, “The person I love is you, okay?”

“Aw, now the lovebirds are showing off in front of me!” Noah said playfully, rubbing her arms as though she had goosebumps.

…

To appease Hailey, Adrian took her to the jewelry store owned by the Watson Group and bought her a whole set of the latest limited-edition jewelry.

With this, Hailey finally stopped sulking and smiled.

‘That’s right. Natalie is already married. How can Adrian still have feelings for her?’

...

On the other side, Isaac, who had been watching the show, finally could not hold back his laughter.

He said, “Oliver, I used to feel unjust for you when I heard those rumors. However, it was really entertaining when I watched those idiots earlier!”

Oliver ignored Isaac.

Isaac was already used to this. He turned to Natalie and said, “Sister-in-law, I didn’t expect you to have such a strong combat power!”

“No, no, you’re overpraising me,” Natalie said. At the same time, she blushed when Isaac addressed her as ‘Sister-in-law’.

‘Why isn’t Oliver explaining the situation to him? Doesn’t he dislike me?‘

“You’re too modest!” Isaac said with a smile.

Oliver sneered. If he had not seen how timid she was in front of him, he would have been deceived by her arrogance today. In any case, he thought she looked cute when she acted timidly in front of him.
###Chapter 42 A Woman Pretending to be Mrs. Windsor
“Natalie, have you signed with a company yet?” Isaac asked, trying to sign Natalie. He wanted to strike while the iron was hot.

“Not yet,” Natalie replied.

“What do you think of our company?” Isaac asked as he leaned close to Oliver.

Oliver shook him away disdainfully, but Isaac was unbothered as he continued to say, “Considering your relationship with Oliver, I’ll definitely support you. With your qualifications, you’ll definitely be able to become an international supermodel!”

It was an enticing prospect for all models to become an international supermodel. Moreover, RK Media was undoubtedly a powerful support.

However, Natalie knew that Isaac was only saying it because of Oliver, and she did not want to owe Oliver anything. After all, it was always difficult to repay favors. She would take her time to look for a new agency. As such, she said, “Thank you for your kindness, Isaac, but I’ll have to pass.”

Oliver was about to tell Natalie to sign the contract with RK Media, but upon hearing her words, he swallowed back those words and said, “She doesn’t deserve to be in RK Media.”

“I... I’ll definitely become an international supermodel based on my own abilities! There’s no company that I don’t deserve to be in, including RK Media!”

Although Natalie refused on her own initiative, she was still angry when Oliver ruthlessly denied her abilities.

“Do you know what you look like now?” Oliver asked.

“What?” Natalie had a feeling that he would not say anything nice.

“Like an angry kitten, not frightening at all.”

“Hey!”

Isaac was dumbfounded. It was as though he had seen something extraordinary. This was the first time he had seen a woman challenging Oliver and survived it.

‘She’s indeed different.’

Natalie ignored Oliver and bade farewell to Isaac before she made her way to the subway station.

Oliver pursed his lips, exuding a suffocating aura. He assumed she would tell Liam to send the driver to pick her up.

“Oliver, are you really not going to see her off?” Isaac asked.

“No!” Oliver said coldly.

“So where are we going now?”

“To the mall.”

“Why?”

“To buy clothes.”

Isaac asked, puzzled, “Aren’t all your clothes custom-made? Why are you buying them at the mall?”

Oliver looked at Isaac impatiently, clearly telling him to shut up.

…

The two men went to Paykston’s most famous department store. It was a luxury mall owned by RK Group. Not many people could afford to shop here, and most of the customers spent millions here, bringing substantial profits to the group.

Oliver went to the women’s clothing section. He glanced around before he said to the salesperson, “I want this, this, this, this, and this. Wrap them all up for me.”

The salesperson looked at the wealthy man in front of her and asked, “Sir, are you clothes for your significant other? What size does she wear?”

“She’s about 5'7" tall, and she wears a size S.”

After that, Oliver went to a few more stores and bought clothes in the same manner, requesting them to be packed and sent to Rosewood Estate.

‘5'7" tall? Isn’t that Natalie? Is that why Oliver’s expression worsened when Noah said that Natalie dressed shabbily?’

Isaac clicked his tongue in wonder. He did not expect Oliver to be caring.

Isaac followed behind Oliver. He tried his best to hide his curiosity and asked seriously, “Oliver, what you say is clearly different from what you think. Why did you tell Natalie that she doesn’t deserve to be in RK Media?”

Isaac continued to say, “Although she doesn’t have any notable achievements now, her talents and abilities are obvious. It’s only a matter of time before she becomes famous. It’s clear that G Entertainment held her back in the past.”

“Did I say I didn’t allow her to join RK Media?” Oliver asked. His expression darkened when this topic was brought up.

“D-didn’t you?” Isaac stammered.

“She said it herself that she didn’t want to join RK Media.”

‘That woman thinks I don’t know. She just wants to distance herself from me!”

“So… So you were in a bad mood earlier because she refused to join RK Media? Is that why you said she doesn’t deserve to be in RK Media? Just because of that trivial matter?”

…

Rosewood Estate was built on a mountain.

Therefore, after taking the subway train to the station closest to the mountain, Natalie had to take a cab up the mountain.

Initially, the cab driver was reluctant to take her, but he agreed after she offered him an extra hundred dollars.

Natalie felt a pang in her heart and felt increasingly uneasy as the numbers on the meter continued to increase. Then, another thing happened.

When they were halfway up the mountain, the cab was stopped from going further.
The security guards only knew that Oliver had gotten married, but they did not know what his wife looked like. As such, Natalie was stopped.

“I’m truly Mrs. Windsor!” Natalie said, trying to reason with the security guard.

“There's no order from above. No unauthorized people are allowed to enter the Rosewood Estate,” the security guard firmly said.

Seeing that they were in a deadlock, the driver did not want to wait any longer. He said, “Miss, why don’t you just get off here? I still have other things to attend to.”

If she could convince the security guards to let her in, it would take her about an hour to walk back. Since it was not too far, she paid the fare and got out of the car. Then, she looked at the four security guards stubbornly.

A chubby security guard tried to persuade her, saying, “Miss, I’ll be frank with you. This year alone, there have already been eight women who claimed to be Mr. Windsor’s wife. You’re the ninth one. You should leave. We won’t let you in.”

“Women are claiming to be Oliver’s wife?”

Natalie was in disbelief, considering the rumors about Oliver that were swirling outside.

“Even if there are unsavory rumors about Mr. Windsor, he’s still the legitimate heir of the Windsor family, after all. How can he lack women who want to get close to him?”

“But I'm different. I am really Mr. Windsor's wife!” Natalie protested.

The security guard clicked his tongue disapprovingly and said, “You’re certainly different compared to the first woman. At that time, she claimed to be Mr. Windsor’s wife when Mr. Windsor had yet to marry.”

Natalie sighed, frustrated that they would not listen to her. She only had Oliver’s phone number, but she did not want to ask for help from him when he had just disdained her abilities.

‘If only I remembered Liam’s number…’

…

The matter dragged on until evening.

The chubby security guard advised, “Miss, you should leave. You’re still young, and you don’t know what’s important. You should focus on your studies. That’s the right thing to do. Stop daydreaming about marrying into a wealthy family and pretending to be someone’s wife.
“I’m not even that young,” Natalie said helplessly, “I really live here. If you don’t believe me, you can call Mr. Liam.”

Natalie had already said these words about 13 times.

Seeing that it was almost 8 PM, the security guard finally relented.

“Fine. Since you look so pitiful, I’ll help you make the call! I won’t believe it until I see it with my own eyes!”

Not long after the call connected, the security guard’s expression gradually froze before it was replaced by one of shock. Then, he nodded vigorously and said, “Alright, alright!”

Meanwhile, the other three security guards looked at the chubby security guard curiously.

Under their watchful eyes, the chubby security guard bowed ninety degrees at Natalie and said, “Madam, I sincerely apologize for not recognizing you. It wasn’t intentional!”

His companions were shocked by these words and hurriedly apologized as well.

‘This woman looks like a high schooler! How would we know she was telling the truth?’

“It's alright,” Natalie said, waving her hands. She knew they were just doing their job, after all. She asked, “So can I go in now?”

“Madam, please wait. Mr. Liam said he’ll send a car to pick you up.”

“Oh, okay. Thank you.”

It was getting dark now, and Natalie did not feel safe walking alone at night. After all, she was unfamiliar with this place and was worried about losing her way.

Not long after, a Maybach stopped outside the guardhouse.

Natalie thanked the security guards and got into the car. However, as soon as she took a seat, she sensed that something was wrong.
###Chapter 43 Mr. Windsor, Miss Natalie Isn't Coming?
Natalie turned and met Oliver’s cold gaze.

“Oliver, why are you here?” Natalie asked. Then, she said hesitantly, “Uh, I might have gotten into the wrong car…”

Natalie wanted to go out and wait for the car that Liam sent, but she found that the door was locked.

“Natalie.”

“Huh?”

Natalie looked at Oliver in confusion.

“Are you stupid?”

“...”

Natalie took a deep breath to maintain her composure before she said, “How can you insult me like this?”

“How did you come back?”

When Oliver was returning to the villa, he received a call from Liam earlier, telling him that Natalie had been waiting here since earlier.

“By cab.”

“Natalie, do you know there are cab drivers who assault and kill female passengers?” Oliver asked, looking at her as though she was a fool.

Natalie rolled her eyes, saying, “Those are just a few isolated incidents. Moreover, am I supposed to climb all the way up the mountain if I don’t take the cab?”

“Don't you know how to call Liam?” Oliver asked through gritted teeth.

‘This stupid woman still wants to argue with me!’

Natalie lowered her head and muttered helplessly, “I don’t have his number.”

“Then don’t you know how to call me?” Oliver asked, frustrated.

Natalie glared at him and recalled his words in the afternoon. Then, she said angrily, “I didn’t want to talk to you!”

“Say it again.”

Oliver narrowed his eyes.

“I said I didn’t want to talk to you!” Natalie repeated her words. She would repeat them as many times as he wanted.

‘Why should I call him? He said I don’t deserve to be in RK Media!’

“Get out then,” Oliver said darkly, “Charles, stop the car!”

Charles, who was temporarily filling in for the driver today, stopped the car immediately and unlocked the car door.

Natalie got out of the car and began to walk. In the next moment, the Maybach sped past her, leaving her behind.

After a while, the car gradually slowed down, and Charles asked tentatively, “Mr. Windsor, should we wait for her?”

Charles was very perceptive despite his impassive appearance. Moreover, he had followed Oliver for many years, so he understood the letter’s temperament quite well.

Unable to focus, Oliver threw his iPad aside and said, “Turn around. Ask her if she has realized her mistakes.”

Charles turned the car around and pulled to a stop. He got out of the car and walked to Natalie.

“Miss Natalie, Mr. Windsor is angry. Can you please apologize to him?”

Natalie was stubborn once her temple flared up. She said, “I didn’t do anything wrong. I won’t apologize! I’ll walk back!”

Shaking his head, Charles went back to report to Oliver.

“Well, let her walk then!” Oliver said before he ordered sternly, “Let’s go.”

As the car pulled away, Oliver looked at the rearview mirror that reflected the slender and delicate figure of a woman.

Natalie was often aloof when faced with others. Despite all that, she still gave off a sense of softness.

After a few moments, Oliver said impatiently, “Stop. Turn back.”

“Huh?”

Charles was momentarily confused. When realization dawned on him, he hurriedly said, “Yes!”

With this, the sleek Maybach turned around with flashing taillights.

…

Natalie looked confused when the Maybach stopped next to her and Charles got down to open the door for her.

“Miss Natalie, please get in the car.”

Natalie saw Oliver. His expression was dark and sullen; he was clearly still unhappy with her.

Charles said, “Please get in the car, Miss Natalie. Mr. Windsor…”

Suddenly, Oliver interjected, looking impatient, “Charles spoke on your behalf. You should listen to him and get in. I don’t care if you want to walk back, but if you encounter snakes, it serves you right.”

When Oliver mentioned snakes, Natalie only hesitated for a moment before she got into the car. Then, she nodded and said sincerely, “Thank you, Charles.”

Charles was speechless.

‘Alright, Mr. Windsor, you’re the boss. Whatever you say goes!’

…

Liam had been waiting outside for a while. When Natalie got out of the car, knowing that she did not have his and the house’s number, he quickly gave her the numbers. Then, he advised earnestly, “If you can’t reach me, you should call Mr. Windsor. After all, it’s not safe for a young girl like you to take a cab up the mountain. Luckily, nothing happened. However, what if you encounter a driver with bad intentions?”

Natalie's heart stirred. Oliver had said something similar earlier about drivers with bad intentions. However, somehow, she was not resistant when she heard Liam’s words. She felt that his words made a lot of sense. With this, she realized she had been too angry earlier to realize that Oliver was worried about her.

‘He… Was he really worried about me earlier?’

Feeling guilty, Natalie looked at Oliver. He had already entered the house. A servant took off his coat, and he made his way to his room.

“Have you eaten? Should I ask the kitchen to prepare something?” Liam asked.

“Has Oliver eaten?” Natalie asked. She finally remembered that she had not cooked for Oliver today because she was out. Could he have gone without a proper meal all day?

“Mr. Windsor probably made do with something outside,” Liam said with a sigh, looking worried, “His appetite has never been good. I’ve only seen him enjoy the food you cooked for him.”

Natalie felt even guiltier when she heard this. She said, “In that case, I’ll cook for him now. I’ll call him down when I’m done.”

“Then, I’ll have to trouble you,” Liam said with a chuckle.

The more Liam interacted with Natalie, the more satisfied he was. For this reason, he secretly contacted Oliver's grandma and reported the situation to her.
###Chapter 44 Are You Begging Me?
It was already past dinner time. Natalie knew it would be time for supper by the time she was done cooking. Considering how late it was, she decided to make soup because it was light and easier on the stomach. However, worried that Oliver might not find it filling, she added mushrooms, vegetables, and seafood.

When Natalie was done, it was almost nine. She went upstairs and knocked on Oliver’s door.

Oliver opened the door quickly. He had just taken a shower, and he was dressed in a loose black robe that was not properly tied. It seemed like he had dressed in a rush. His face was pale, and his brows were furrowed.

Natalie noticed his slightly hunched back and the hand on his abdomen before she asked, “Do you have a stomachache?”

“Get to the point, Natalie,” Oliver said, leaning against the door.

“I made supper for you. Will you come downstairs and eat?”

“I’m not hungry.”

Oliver was in a bad mood, and he did not have the appetite to eat at all.

“Hey, wait!”

Seeing that Oliver was about to close the door, she quickly held the door and said, “It’s not good to skip meals. Don’t compromise your health just because you’re angry, okay?”

“Are you begging me?” Oliver asked coldly. It was as though he would not eat unless Natalie said yes.

“Yes, yes, yes, I’m begging you…”

‘Fine, just do whatever you want. After all, I still owe you a favor for saving me back then!’

Natalie thought that if she could improve Oliver’s health a little bit, it could be considered as repaying his kindness.

“Will you eat?”

Oliver finally nodded. His expression clearly said, ‘Since you’re begging me, I’ll be magnanimous.’

...

The air was filled with the rich aroma of the food.

Although there was only one kind of food on the table, it managed to around Oliver’s appetite.

The seafood used was the finest, filled with nutrients and satisfyingly chewy. The soup was flavorful with a tangy and sweet taste.

Oliver was angered by Natalie multiple times today, but the delicious food seemed to have swept the anger in his heart away.

“Let’s have another bowl,” Natalie said as she scooped another bowl of soup for Oliver.

The tomatoes and basil in the soup made the soup extremely delicious.

Natalie sat next to Oliver and watched him eat with expectant eyes. She asked, “Is it delicious? This is my recent creation.”

‘She seems to care what people think of her cooking…’

Oliver remained silent. When he saw her untouched bowl, he said, “Eat.”

“Oh.”

Seeing that she did not receive feedback, Natalie pouted as she picked up her spoon and took a sip.

The soup was delicious. Its texture was perfect, and the ingredients used blended harmoniously.

The soup was hot, and a cloud of mist rose, obscuring Natalie’s face when she ate.

Oliver looked up and watched as Natalie ate earnestly. Her expression was serious as she ate, giving the illusion of gentleness and tranquility.

‘That’s right. It’s just an illusion…’

Oliver was aware of his nominal wife’s personality. She was docile and timid in front of him, but she was like a fierce beast with sharp claws outside. When she stepped on the runway, she shone brightly.

‘She’s clearly not a pushover. So why did she marry me in Hailey’s place?’

Oliver smiled slightly. Regardless of her reason, as long as she did not make him unhappy and did not cross his boundaries, he would give her the dignity of the title Mrs. Windsor and even spoil her.

Natalie’s head was lowered as she drank the soup. Suddenly, a spoon appeared in her field of vision, and a piece of seafood fell into her bowl. Seeing that Oliver gave her a piece of seafood, she asked, puzzled, “What are you doing?”

Oliver’s expression, which had just cleared up, darkened again. After half a second, he only said, “Eat.”

Natalie felt that there must be a reason behind Oliver’s action. She looked at Oliver cautiously and remembered she had not had any seafood yet. She asked, “Oliver, do you think I put something in your food?”

‘What nonsense does this woman have in her mind?’

“Eat!” Oliver said through gritted teeth.

Natalie looked at the seafood in her bowl. When she realized that he had not used the serving spoon earlier, she wondered inwardly, ‘Does this count as an… indirect kiss?‘

“Do you disdain the food I gave you?”

Oliver slammed the spoon down with a loud bang as his temper flared up again.

Sensing that the atmosphere was not right, the surrounding servants quickly lowered their heads.

Natalie held her breath for a moment. She quickly shook her head before she ate the piece of seafood that Oliver had given her, showing him that she did not mind.

With this, Oliver seemed appeased. He even occasionally gave more food to Natalie.

On the other hand, Natalie ate the seafood and vegetables that kept piling up in her bowl expressionlessly. However, her ears were red as she thought to herself, ‘Doesn’t he know that feeding someone like that is an intimate act? Did he take the wrong medication today?’

Feeling stuffed, Natalie finally said, “Oliver, I’m full.”

Oliver paused. He looked at the half-eaten food and said disdainfully, “Even a cat eats more than you.”

‘Then go and find a cat that can eat so much!’ Natalie rolled her eyes inwardly as she took a deep breath to calm down. She was too lazy to argue with him again. Moreover, she was too full now.

…

The next morning.

Natalie received a message from a project manager from RK Media, notifying her that she had gotten the position of the main model in Scene B.

The autumn car exhibition was divided into two segments. The first segment, known as Scene A, showcased nine cars, which included globally renowned concept cars. International models were hired for Scene A.

Although Scene B was slightly inferior to Scene A, it showcased expensive luxury cars, with the highlight being an expensive Hummer.

There was no doubt that the main model for Scene B would attract significant attention from insiders. Previously, only top-tier domestic models were hired for this.

Natalie was extremely excited and quickly called Jane to share the good news.

“Congratulations! You’re finally on the path to becoming a top supermodel!” Jane said with a smile.

“Although I’m happy, I’m a little worried that I only got this because of my connection with Isaac, not because of of my ability,“ Natalie said.

“You only had a game of pool together. He’s not going to give you special treatment because of that,” Jane said, “Moreover, I’ve always told you that you’re talented. Your talents are not inferior to those of top models. You only lack opportunities.”
###Chapter 45 Going Back to Her Parents' House
Natalie had always ranked first in her major, and her teachers only had high praise for her. If it was not for her exceptional talent, how could she have become famous in the industry last year when she had just participated in a small show? Moreover, she was the only newcomer in that show.

“Jane…” Natalie called out. She wanted to tell Jane that it was not just one game of pool. After a moment, she asked, “When are you free? I have something to tell you.”

“Is it urgent?” Jane asked. Her voice turned serious immediately, thinking that Natalie had something important to discuss with her.

“It’s not urgent, and nothing bad happened, but… it’s not suitable to talk about it over the phone,” Natalie said.

Natalie was worried about Jane’s reaction once Jane found out that she was forced to marry Oliver on behalf of Hailey and that Hailey was now with Adrian. If she was not there in person to calm Jane down, she was worried Jane might go looking for Adrian with a baseball bat.

When they were in high school, two foolish rich young boys took a liking to Natalie and Flora. The boy stalked and harassed them with lewd words. When Jane found out about it, she beat the boys up so badly that they had to be admitted to the hospital. In the end, the Watkins family had to intervene and resolve the situation. However, now, the Watkins family was in trouble, and there was no one to support Jane.

“What about next week? I have to go to Milan with my boss this week for a cover shoot.”

“Alright.”

After ending the call, Natalie was just about to leave the room when she saw Oliver standing by the door. His hand was on the doorknob as if he had just opened the door.

“Hey, Oliver!” Natalie greeted cheerfully. She was in a good mood, and she could not help smiling.

“Why were you screaming like a ghost?” Oliver asked. He had heard her screaming excitedly earlier. Curious, he could not help but put his work aside to take a look.

“I passed the audition for RK's car model and will be the first one on the B stage!”

For some reason, an inexplicable sense of pride rose in Oliver’s heart when he heard this. However, he feigned nonchalance as he said, “Oh.”

‘Hmph! What’s with his attitude? Is he looking down on me again?’

A hint of anger rose in her heart again as she recalled Oliver’s words yesterday.

“Oliver, I’ll prove to you that I can enter RK Media with my own abilities!”

Oliver only thought to himself, ‘What’s so shocking if you entered RK Media? If only you know that you’re the wife of the chairman of RK Group…’

…

The scorching summer sun shone through the dense tree leaves, leaving dappled shadows on the ground.

The day of the finals for Top Avenue was drawing closer, just like the start of the school year.

Natalie received a phone call from Robert. As soon as the call connected, the middle-aged man roared at her from the other end of the line.

“Natalie, get your ass back here immediately!”

Natalie was already used to her father’s fierce tone. “What’s wrong, Dad?”

Robert continued to roar, “What’s wrong? You terminated the contract with the company without permission, and you’re asking me what’s wrong? Come back and see me now!”

Robert’s voice was so loud that Natalie had to move the phone away slightly. Out of the corners of her eyes, she saw Oliver coming downstairs at this moment.

“Alright. If Oliver agrees, I’ll come back,” Natalie said. She knew she had to face this sooner or later. It did not matter if she had to face it now.

Oliver heard his name and looked at Natalie. “What is it?”

Natalie ended the call and replied, “My father wants me to go back.”

“Why?” Oliver asked nonchalantly.

“I don't know,” Natalie lied, not wanting to reveal her embarrassing family situation to others. Moreover, she had learned that no one would sympathize with her, so she might as well keep it to herself.

“Liam, arrange a car for her,” Oliver said coldly before he headed upstairs again.

Natalie felt restless so she did not notice Oliver’s mood. However, Liam, who had known Oliver since Oliver was a child, could tell that Oliver was angry just from Oliver’s tone alone.

…

After arranging the car for Natalie, he also prepared a few gifts for her.

“Since you’re going back for a visit, you have to bring gifts…”

“Thank you, Liam!” Natalie said, but inwardly, she thought to herself, ‘Visit? No, it’s more like going back for a battle.’

She naturally did not voice out her thoughts. She did not want to disappoint the kind old man.

…

Liam went upstairs and knocked on the door of the study.

Oliver sat in a luxurious leather chair, holding a cigar between his fingers. Smoke filled the air, blurring his face.

Liam naturally knew that Oliver was not completely indifferent to Natalie. He said, “Mr. Windsor, it’s her first time returning to her family after getting married. Won’t you accompany her?”

“She’s going back to be scolded. Why should I accompany her?” Oliver said.

Earlier, he had heard Robert shouting. However, since she did not say anything, he would pretend not to know.“She's going back to endure scolding. Why should I stop her?”

Liam knew Oliver’s temper, so he only sighed and did not speak any further.

Oliver stood by the floor-to-ceiling window in the study on the second floor, watching Natalie's slender figure enter the Bentley before the Bentley drove away.

He scoffed and returned to his chair to continue working. However, no matter how hard he tried, he could not concentrate on the simple words and numbers in front of him. Moreover, he grew even more restless as time passed.

Charles had told him that Natalie was not favored at home. He had heard how Robert had shouted at her and how Hailey had schemed against her while pretending to be gentle.

He could not help but wonder if Natalie would be able to stand up to Robert and Natalie after she returned to the Watson family.

‘Even if it’s only in name, she’s my wife. Moreover, I intend to keep her as a pet. I can bully her, but no one else is allowed to bully her…’

“Liam, prepare the car!”

When Liam saw Oliver wearing a suit and holding the familiar silver mask, his face lit up with joy.

“Yes!”

…

The Watsons’ mansion was located in a famous area in Paykston. It had an excellent location, making it the preferred neighborhood for many celebrities.

“Sweetheart, stop crying. My heart breaks when you cry,” Mrs. Watson said, comforting the crying Hailey, “Don’t worry. Your father will definitely seek justice for you!”

Hailey asked pitifully with tears in her eyes, “Daddy, if Natalie does better than me in the future, will you like her more and dislike me?”

“Of course not!” Robert said without hesitation, “Hailey, you know the only reason I brought her back was so she could replace you to marry Oliver. I only have one daughter in my heart, and that’s you. Don’t worry.”

Coincidentally, Natalie had just walked in and overheard the conversation.

‘Ten years… Oliver’s accident happened ten years ago. As it turns out, Dad brought me and Lucac back ten years ago only to use us… Everything was premeditated.’

Natalie laughed self-deprecatingly. She thought she would feel heartache, but at this moment, she was surprisingly calm. Her breath only hitched for a moment before she accepted this fact calmly. In fact, she even felt grateful after learning about this.
###Chapter 46 Give Hailey Your Position
She felt grateful for this revelation because it allowed her to cut off the last trace of gratitude she had toward Robert.

At this time, a servant exclaimed, “Miss Natalie, you’re back!”

Robert’s expression changed immediately. He spun around and asked in shock, “Natalie, when did you return?”

Natalie handed the three gifts Liam prepared to the servant as she replied, “Just now.”

Robert studied Natalie’s face for a moment. Seeing that she was so calm, he felt that she must not have heard his words earlier.

Liam prepared a diamond-encrusted ring for Robert, a diamond bracelet for Mrs. Watson, and a diamond pendant for Hailey. They were all of excellent quality and worth millions. However, in Rosewood Estate, they were only considered ordinary items.

“Look, Natalie. We weren’t trying to harm you when we married you to Oliver back then. Look at how he spoils you now,” Mrs. Watson said as she touched her diamond bracelet happily.

‘They’re just material things…’

Natalie did not say anything. After all, she had long known that Mrs. Watson was very materialistic.

On the other hand, Hailey put the diamond pendant aside, feeling somewhat uncomfortable.

‘Didn’t they say that Oliver has a peculiar temperament and is cruel? Why does he treat Natalie so well?’

Hailey felt even more uncomfortable when she recalled the ‘Mr. Windsor’ who seemed to have taken a liking to Natalie after the audition. The more she thought about this, the angrier she became.

‘Why is Natalie, a married woman, able to seduce such a handsome man?’

Natalie did not want to stay any longer than she had to, so she asked directly, “Dad, why did you call me back?”

Robert was initially furious. However, seeing that Natalie brought gifts back, his anger had subsided a lot. He asked, “Natalie, do you want to explain the termination of your contract with G Entertainment? G Entertainment is our company. It’s better for you to stay in the company than to go elsewhere.”

“Sienna was very busy taking care of Hailey and she didn’t have time for me at all. That’s why she terminated the contract.”

Robert was unaware of the details of the termination of the contract, and it was impossible for Sienna to reveal that Natalie had blackmailed her. Otherwise, her secret dealings in the company would be exposed. As such, Sienna could only take full responsibility for the termination of the contract.

“Then, why don’t you re-sign with the company?” Robert asked. It was as though Natalie still had some use to him.

“Oliver doesn’t want me to…”

Natalie did not hesitate to use Oliver’s name. After all, they were the ones who forced her to marry him.

Robert sighed. He did not dare to offend Oliver, so he could only give up.

At this time, Hailey looked at Robert with tears eyes and called out pitifully, “Daddy!”

Robert was immediately reminded of the promise he made to Hailey. He turned to Natalie and said, “Natalie, it’s fine if you don’t want to work in our company. However, you must give up the position of the main model of Scene B in the autumn car exhibition to your sister.”

Upon hearing these words, Natalie burst out laughing.

“What?”

Mrs. Watson instantly sensed Natalie’s unwillingness and mockery, and her temper flared up immediately. She slammed her hands on the table loudly and scolded, “What kind of attitude is that? Who do you think you are? You’re just an illegitimate child! Hailey is the legitimate daughter of the Watson family! It’s only right for the best to be given to her!”

“Mrs. Watson, did I obtain the position using the resources of the Watson family? No. Did I obtain it during my time in G Entertainment? No,” Natalie said as she glanced at Hailey, “Hence, she’s not entitled to this. Do you think I’d hand over something I obtained so easily?”

“Mom, look at her! She’s mocking me for failing to get the main position! On the day of the accident, there was an accident, and I was drenched in water! My hair was in a mess, and my makeup was ruined! That’s why I didn’t perform well! Natalie, on the other hand, didn’t get splashed by the water at all!”

“Daddy, I just won the Best Newcomer award! If I only have a regular position for the car exhibition, what will others think of me?” Hailey asked as tears streamed down her face.

Hailey passed the interview, but she placed third, which meant that she was only assigned an ordinary luxury car.

Mrs. Watson consoled Hailey in a low voice while Robert also comforted his ‘darling daughter’.

Natalie had grown accustomed and numb to such scenes. Hailey had always been the only precious one in the Watson family.

Robert’s patience was running out, and he did not hesitate to use his ultimate weapon. “Natalie, you must give your position to Hailey. Otherwise, we won’t fund Lucas’ treatment!”

Natalie looked at Robert in shock and disbelief. “Dad! You promised me that you’d take care of Lucas’ treatment as long I marry Oliver!”

“That was when you were a contracted artist under G Entertainment. However, you’re not now. So what kind of promise are you talking about?” Robert said with a sneer, “If Mr. Windsor really cares about you, then you can ask him to pay for Lucas’ treatment. If not, you should just listen to your family!”

Natalie refused to compromise. She knew that if she compromised once, she would have to compromise more in the future. She said, “If you’re going to force me, then I have no choice but to tell Oliver that the one he was supposed to marry was Hailey, the eldest daughter of the Watson family. I’ll tell him that I’m the replacement you found ten years ago! Since you want to drag me down, I’ll just drag everyone down with me!”

“What did you say? How dare you threaten me!”

Furious, Robert rose to his feet and slapped Natalie across the face.

A loud and crisp noise rang in the air.

Natalie’s mind went blank. Her left cheek was tingling and burning, and she could taste blood in her mouth. She raised her hand and wiped the blood off the corner of her mouth.

Robert could not stand being defied. He said angrily, “Let me tell you. Don’t even think about leaving today if you don’t agree to do this. You want to complain to Oliver? Let’s see how you’re going to complain when you can’t even leave.”

Hailey wiped her tears away and looked at Natalie provocatively. She was determined to get the position of the main model for Scene B since it would give her international exposure. She thought to herself triumphantly, ‘So what if you were selected? You’d still end up being my stepping stone…’

Meanwhile, Natalie thought to herself, ‘What era do you think we’re living in? If I really want to complain, do I have to do it in person? What’s the use of mobile phones then?’

However, Natalie did not say these out loud. After all, there was no way she could really tell Oliver the truth. Her title and identity were fake, and she did not have his affection. How could he ever listen to her complaints? She did not have the habit of humiliating herself.

At this time, a servant hurried in, saying, “Master, Madam, Miss, Mr. Windsor is here.”

“What?” Robert, who had just sat on the couch, leaped up. He could not hide the guilt and panic on his aging face when he looked at Natalie’s swollen left cheek. Even if Oliver did not care about Natalie, Natalie was still his wife after all. If they hurt Natalie, it was no different from humiliating Oliver.

Mrs. Watson was panicking as well. She looked left and right. Thinking that it would take a while for them to deal with the situation, she looked at Natalie and said threateningly, “Stay in the room and don’t come out, understand?”

Then, Mrs. Watson turned to the servant and said, “Bring her upstairs!”

“Miss, this way please,” the servant said. Although she sympathized with Natalie, there was nothing she could do since Natalie was just an unfavored illegitimate daughter.“
###Chapter 47 Hailey, Maybe You Should Hide As Well
Seeing that Natalie did not move, two of Mrs. Watson’s trusted servants stepped forward and forcefully dragged Natalie up the stairs before pushing her into a room and locking the door.

Natalie touched her stinging face and sneered.

Clearly, the Watsons did not know that she had to inform Oliver whenever she left Rosewood Estate, just like an elementary school student. If she did not return at night, Liam would definitely send people to look for her. At that time, the responsibility would fall on the Watsons, not her.

…

“Hailey, maybe you should hide as well?”

Mrs. Watson felt guilty and worried. After all, her daughter was the one who was originally supposed to marry Oliver.

“Mom, there’s no need for that. I’ve already met Oliver at the Windsor’s mansion. He’s Adrian’s uncle,” Hailey said, “Moreover, it’ll only draw suspicion if I hide from him.”

In fact, as soon as the servant mentioned ‘Mr. Windsor’ earlier, Hailey’s heart had already skipped a beat. When she recalled the domineering, powerful, and arrogant man with a cold and profound gaze, she inexplicably wanted to meet him again even if she knew the mask hid a disfigured face. She not only found such a man tempting, but he even aroused her desire to conquer.

“You have a point,” Mrs. Watson said with a nod.

…

Outside.

“Oliver, what brings you here?”

Robert greeted Oliver with a smile on his face.

Mrs. Watson and Hailey stood next to Robert, smiling as well.

Although Natalie married Oliver, as a father-in-law, Robert could not put on the air of an elder in front of Oliver and had to be respectful.

Oliver, wearing a silver mask, stepped out of a Pagani Huayra. He quickly scanned the surroundings before he asked, “Where’s Natalie?”

“Natalie is tired and sleeping in her room. Did you come to pick her up?” Robert responded. He thanked Mrs. Watson inwardly for her quick thinking.

Oliver was used to people fawning over him. He ignored Robert and looked around.

Robert maintained his smile, seemingly unbothered by the slight as he said, “Oliver, Natalie is still asleep. Why don’t you come inside and wait? I’ll have my wife wake Natalie up.”

Oliver nodded, but a hint of sarcasm could be seen in his eyes. After all, he arrived half an hour after Natalie; he had a hard time she had already gone to sleep in such a short time.

“Mr. Windsor, please have some fruit,” Mrs. Watson said. She looked at Oliver’s imposing figure furtively.

‘Look at his temperament. He truly lives up to his reputation. What a pity… Otherwise, he would’ve been an ideal match for Hailey…’

Robert shot a look at Mrs. Watson, and she understood immediately. She secretly instructed the servants to bring a cold compress and makeup upstairs to do some touch-ups on Natalie’s face.

Hailey whispered, “Daddy, Oliver is a business prodigy. Didn’t you say that you were uncertain about a project? Why don’t you let him a look since he’s here?”

Robert was just thinking about this. He nodded and left Hailey to entertain Oliver while he went to retrieve the files from his study.

“Oliver, did you know my sister auditioned for RK Media’s car exhibition?” Hailey asked. She picked a grape up and handed it to Oliver before she said, “Please have one.”

“I know about that,” Oliver replied curtly. However, he only glanced at the grape and did not reach out to take it.

Hailey did not withdraw her hand. Instead, she said with an awkward smile, “As the host, it’s my duty to serve you.”

Oliver sneered. “Are you worthy?”

Hailey was furious. She threw the grape into the trash can and tried her best to suppress her humiliation before she said, “Do you know what I saw after my audition at RK Media?”

She did not give Oliver a chance to speak and continued to say, “I saw a man behaving intimately with Natalie. That man seemed to be Isaac’s friend. I advised Natalie to… to be faithful since she’s already married to you. However, she said you’re not worthy of being her husband.”

“Are you finished?”

Oliver leaned back on the couch. Although his posture was lazy, his aura was still powerful.

‘Why can’t this noisy woman just shut up?‘

“Mr. Windsor, aren't you angry?”

Hailey was shocked.

‘Is it possible for a man to tolerate a cheating wife?’

“Natalie...”

Before Hailey could say that Natalie was cheating on him, Oliver had already stood up and started walking up the stairs.
When Robert, who was just about to go downstairs saw this, he said anxiously, “Oliver, where are you going? My wife has already gone to wake Natalie up. You can just wait downstairs.”

“It’s been ten minutes, and there’s still no response?”

Robert could not help but shiver when he heard Oliver’s icy words.

All the rooms on the second floor were tightly shut. Oliver took a look and asked Robert, who was standing behind him, “Where’s Natalie’s room?”

“Uh... Well, she…”

Robert prevaricated, not wanting to answer the question.

However, Hailey, who had just come upstairs, gave the answer away as she instinctively glanced at one of the rooms.

With this, Oliver did not hesitate and strode over immediately.

…

The room was only about 300 square feet, smaller than the toilet in his bedroom. The furniture was simple; there was a bed, a cupboard, a desk, and a chair. There was no dressing table. Even the servants’ rooms in his house were better than this.

At this moment, Mrs. Watson and a few others surrounded Natalie. One of the servants held an ice pack in her hand.

“Why bother with the ice pack? Just cover it up with powder! She’s not that precious,” Mrs. Watson said sarcastically in her shrill voice. Just as she was about to continue, a loud bang rang in the air.

Oliver had kicked the door open.

Robert and Hailey pursed their lips, wondering why Mrs. Watson had to say such words at such a time.

Oliver stood at the door. Although he was expressionless, his aura was extremely intimidating. His gaze was chilly as he asked mockingly, “Not that precious? Who are you talking about?”

“I, I, I…” Mrs. Watson stammered. She was so frightened that she dropped the powder puff in her hand. She felt like she was looking at a demon as she faced Oliver.

Earlier, Natalie was held down by the two middle-aged servants while Mrs. Watson used a lot of force when she applied the powder, causing her to grimace in her pain. In the end, she had to close her eyes to endure the pain. Unexpectedly, after a loud bang, she opened her eyes and saw Oliver.

Natalie was surprised. She thought Oliver would be fooled and sent away by the Watsons. Unexpectedly, not only was he not fooled, but he also found her in her room while she was being held down.

In fact, she did not even know why Oliver suddenly showed up here.

‘It… It can’t possibly be for me, right? Otherwise, he would’ve just come with me earlier…’

However, as she looked at the man standing in front of her again, she began to doubt herself. She could see that his cold gaze behind the silver mask was fixed on her. In them, she saw emotions she could not comprehend, emotions she had never experienced before.

Behind the cold and ruthless silver mask, the man's deep and cold eyes were fixed on her, carrying emotions she had never experienced and couldn't comprehend.

‘Is he… angry?’

Natalie opened her mouth to speak, but the sharp pain in her lip and cheek made her wince. In the end, she could only swallow the words on the tip of her tongue.
###Chapter 48 Who Hit You? Hit Them Back!
The room was silent, made it even worse by Oliver’s overwhelming pressure.

No one dared to speak, and only the sound of breathing could be heard.

“Come here.”

With his left hand in his pocket, Oliver beckoned to Natalie with his right hand.

As soon as his voice fell, the two servants quickly withdrew their hands from Natalie as though they had been shocked. They were so afraid that they did not even dare to look at the man with the murderous aura.

Mrs. Watson had yet to finish applying makeup on Natalie’s face. The powder was smeared on her face, not fully blended. Red marks could be seen on her swollen cheek.

Oliver frowned fiercely beneath his mask.

Natalie could sense Oliver’s terrible stormy mood as she approached him. She glanced at him before she quickly lowered her head, too afraid to look at him. His aura now seemed even more terrible than that time he shot Victoria.

Suddenly, Natalie hissed when she felt a touch on her cheek. The force was not heavy, but her injured face was extremely sensitive now. She instinctively looked up at Oliver in the confusion.

Oliver withdrew his hand. Seeing her wince in pain, he gave up on wiping the powder off her face. Then, he asked, “Who hit you?”

These three words shook the Watsons’ hearts. All of them remained silent, too afraid to speak.

Meanwhile, Robert’s hands trembled uncontrollably.

Oliver asked again, “Who hit you?”

These three words were like a murder weapon to the Watsons, but to Natalie, they were filled with protectiveness.

Hailey bit her lip and thought to herself unwillingly, ‘Why does he treat me terribly but treat her so well? She doesn’t deserve it!’

Just as Natalie was about to reply, Hailey interjected, quickly shifting the blame to Natalie.

“Oliver, Natalie was disrespectful to my father earlier. My father lost control of his temper and accidentally hit her. It was not…”

Perhaps it was a father’s prerogative to educate their children, but Oliver did not think so. He sneered and asked, “Disrespectful? Tell me. How was she disrespectful?”

Natalie’s eyes widened slightly. After all, Oliver rarely said so many words. Moreover, when she left the house earlier, he seemed unhappy with her. Why did he suddenly seem to care?

“Well...”

Hailey hesitated. She did not know how to reply. She could not come up with anything for the time being. After all, it was related to Natalie wanting to expose to truth about their marriage. She naturally could not tell Oliver about it.

Oliver shifted his gaze to Robert, and Robert turned pale immediately. He could only follow his daughter’s lead and said, “Oliver, this girl has no control over her words. She doesn’t know how to speak properly. There’s no point talking to her. I don’t want you to listen to vile words. Don’t worry. I’ll discipline her properly.”

Oliver remained expressionless as he rested one hand on Natalie’s shoulder.

Natalie stiffened before she relaxed. This gesture made her feel like he was protecting her, and his presence was like a reassurance.

“Discipline her? She’s my wife. Do you think you’re worthy of disciplining my wife?”

Robert, Mrs. Watson, and Hailey’s faces turned pale as soon as they heard these words.

It was obvious that Oliver intended on seeking justice for Natalie.

“Then what do you want to do, Oliver?” Robert asked, sweating profusely. He had mistreated Natalie and beaten her for years. However, this was his first time regretting doing so.

It was obvious that he intended to hold Natalie accountable for his words. “Mr. Windsor, what do you think would be an appropriate response?”

Oliver ignored Robert. Instead, he removed his hand from Natalie’s shoulder as he gestured at Robert with his chin and said to Natalie, “Go ahead. Hit him back.”

“What?” Hailey exclaimed in disbelief as she looked at Oliver in shock.

Robert and Mrs. Watson were equally shocked. Their eyes were widened in disbelief.

‘Does she dare to hit her father?!’

Natalie frowned slightly and did not say anything.

Robert did not dare to speak, but he glared at Natalie, silently warning her.

Hailey could not stand the fact that Oliver was so protective of Natalie to the point where he wanted Natalie to hit her father. She said, “Oliver, I think we should drop this matter. After all, how can a daughter hit her a father?”

“What right do you have to tell me what to do?” Oliver asked frostily.

Hailey was extremely furious, but there was nothing she could do. After two encounters with him, she knew that he was even more arrogant and domineering than the rumors suggested. However, it was also because of his temperament that she was even more jealous of Natalie when she saw him defending Natalie. She wanted that special treatment for herself.

In the end, Hailey said as politely as she could, “Oliver, I’m Natalie’s elder sister.”

Oliver scoffed contemptuously upon hearing Hailey’s words.
Hailey was thoroughly embarrassed. Her cheeks flushed red, but she could only clench her hands tightly.

Meanwhile, Natalie could tell that Oliver was growing impatient, so she approached Robert.

“Natalie...”

Robert instinctively took a step back, but Oliver was watching nearby, so he had to stop moving.

At the same time, Mrs. Watson warned in a low voice, “Natalie, hitting your father will bring divine retribution!”

Natalie did not pay attention to Mrs. Watson. She stared at Robert as she lifted her right hand.

Out of fear and humiliation, Robert closed his eyes. However, after long time, the slap did not fall. He opened his eyes in confusion only to see that Natalie had put her hand down and returned to Oliver’s side.

“Let it go, Oliver. He’s not only my father, but he’s also Lucas’ father. I can’t hit him.”

In fact, Natalie really wanted to slap Robert. She was disgusted by his hypocritical face, but she still had to consider Lucas.

When they first came to the Watson family, Robert truly loved Lucas, his son.

Lucas was young at that time, and he admired his father greatly. If it were not Mrs. Watson and Hailey’s schemes and Lucas constantly contradicting Robert to stand up for Natalie, Lucas would’ve been the beloved young master of the Watson family.

In fact, Lucas was still young. Natalie did not know how he truly felt about their father. However, as his sister, she felt that she had to consider Lucas as well.

Natalie turned around and said to Hailey, “Hailey, so what if you’re my older sister? Are your trying to pressure Oliver with your seniority over me? Please remember that if you end up marrying Adrian in the future, you’ll have to address him as ‘Uncle’.”

Oliver raised an eyebrow.

‘Is she speaking up for me?’

Following that, Oliver and Natalie left. Soon, Oliver left the Watson family with Natalie.

With that, everyone in the Watson family’s house heaved a sigh of relief.

Now that she had recovered, Mrs. Watson said, vexed, “Did you see how proud that wicked woman was earlier?”
###Chapter 49 Flaunting Her Power
“She owes her marriage to Oliver to us, but instead of being grateful, she comes back flaunting her power!”

“Daddy, about my position as the main model...”

“Enough!” Robert roared angrily, “It’s just a modeling gig? So what if you didn’t get the main position?”

Robert was still thinking about Natalie’s earlier words. He knew that they were not just meant for Oliver, but for him as well. She was telling him that she did not fight back because of Lucas. In other words, she was reminding him to treat Lucas well. Otherwise, she would not show mercy the next time.

“Dad, how could you yell at me?” Hailey had been spoiled since she was young and had never been scolded by Robert before. Now that she was scolded for the first time, tears welled up in her eyes immediately.

Oliver treated her coldly today, and she had to watch him protect Natalie. Then, not only did she fail to obtain the main position, but her father also yelled at her. The more she thought about it, the more aggrieved she felt.

Hailey ran upstairs, crying.

“Hailey!” Hailey's mom anxiously followed.

…

In the bedroom.

Haily's mom saw her daughter huddled on the bed, crying. She thought it was because of the car exhibition, so she said soothingly, “My beloved daughter, you have to be more farsighted. When you marry Adrian, you’ll get the support of the Harrington family… With such a powerful backer like the Harrington family, is there anything you won’t be able to obtain in the future?”

Hailey stopped crying immediately, and a hint of cunning flashed in her eyes.

"That's right. Once I marry Adrian, I’ll be the young madam of the Harrington family, an in-law of the prestigious Windsor family. At that time, everyone will fawn over me, not Natalie! As for Oliver, since I can snatch Adrian away from Natalie, there’s no reason why I can’t snatch Oliver away from her…’

...

The sun shone brightly outside the Watson’s house.

The summer heat intensified the pain on Natalie’s swollen face.

When Oliver turned around, he saw her carefully using her delicate hands to shield her face from the sun.

A sleek and extravagant sports car parked outside the Watson family's opened its gull-wing doors, revealing the spacious interior and top-of-the-line fittings.

“Get in the car.”

“Huh, did you change your car?” Natalie asked, surprised.

From what she remembered, Oliver usually drove the Rolls-Royce Phantom. When he was driven by Charles, he rode in the Maybach, and sometimes the Bentley Continental. All in all, all his cars were luxurious but low-key.

“Why? You don’t like it?” Oliver asked as he got into the car.

There were three garages in Rosewood Estate lined with various luxury cards, and they were just a small part of his collection. A man’s love for cars was just like a woman’s love for bags; they were never enough.

“Of course not!” Natalie said, shaking her head as she got into the car, “I just thought that flashy cars like that suit Isaac’s style more…”

“And what style is that?”

An inexplicable sense of displeasure rose in Oliver’s heart when he heard Natalie evaluating another man.

Natalie blinked. She hesitated for a second before she replied truthfully, “The playboy style…”

A barely noticeable smirk appeared briefly on Oliver’s face. He was somewhat satisfied with this answer.

“Don't tell Isaac I said that,” Natalie whispered, worried about what might happen if Isaac got upset and gave her a hard time.

Oliver could see through her little thoughts. He pressed a button, closing the gull-wing doors.

Natalie felt much better when the cool air blew on her face. She adjusted her position discreetly so the air could blow directly on her swollen cheek.
###Chapter 50 Only I Can Bully Her
Oliver removed his silver mask, revealing his outrageously handsome face that could make an angel jealous. He asked, “Does it hurt?”

“Yeah.”

Natalie nodded. It was not too painful in the beginning because of the numbness. However, the pain was starting to kick in, and speaking also became difficult.

Oliver scoffed. “I told you to hit him back, but you were a coward. Serves you right!”

Natalie took a deep breath.

‘Forget it. It’s not like I don’t know about his bad temper…’

Then, she sincerely expressed her gratitude, saying, “Oliver, thank you for today. Oh, by the way, what brings you here?”

Oliver started the engine before he looked at her, as though he was asking, ‘It's none of your business.’

Natalie pursed her lips. In the end, she thought it would be wise to remain silent.

Suddenly, he asked darkly, “If I didn’t come, would you have let them continue to bully you?”

‘Only I can bully her…’

‘Does this mean he really came to the Watson family’s house for me?’

A strange emotion appeared briefly in Natalie’s heart, but it disappeared before she could understand it.

Without waiting for her response, he asked again, “Who’s Lucas?”

“He’s my younger brother. He’s sick, so he’s staying in the hospital,” Natalie explained.

The Watsons had not publicly announced the existence of its young master, so few people knew about him.

‘An illegitimate daughter and a sickly younger brother… No wonder she’s not favored and was bullied…’

Oliver was about to step on the accelerator when he noticed the woman next to him struggling to fasten her seatbelt. He leaned over, trapping her between himself and the seat.

Natalie was startled and quickly shrank back. She asked him anxiously, “Oliver, what are you doing?”

Click!

After he fastened the seatbelt for her, a rare hint of teasing appeared in his eyes as he asked, “What did you think I was going to do?”

“What did I think you were going to do? I thought you were going to open the door and push me out.”

In fact, Natalie had seen plenty of TV series and novels where the male lead would kiss the female lead or flirt with the female lead under these circumstances. However, whether it was kissing or flirting, she did not think they applied to Oliver. Even if he wanted to do such things, she did not think he would choose her. She had always been self-aware. Moreover, she had no interest in love now.

Her parents, Adrian, Hailey, and even Flora taught her a lesson. She did not want to let those people make her doubt her love; she wanted to believe in love. However, she was frightened and no longer wanted to risk her heart. It was the safest for her to keep her heart to herself.

…

At home.

The maid quickly brought a first-aid kit and a cool compress. When she saw Natalie was about to do it herself, she quickly said, “Madam, let me do it.”

The maid organized everything carefully and worked meticulously.

Without a mirror, Natalie could not see the condition of her face. The ice pack was pressed against her face, and it felt comfortable. She did not find it too cold, and it alleviated the heat from the swelling.
The maid was very careful, and Natalie did not feel any pain.

“Thank you.”

Natalie thought that the maid’s skills were very good. Not only that, but she was very beautiful as well. She had almond-shaped eyes and a pleasant temperament.

“Madam, you’re too polite. This is my duty,” the maid replied as she changed the ice pack for Natalie.
###Chapter 51 Falling in Love
"I feel like I haven't seen you around the main building before. When do you finish work? Before you finish, let me make you some snacks. I'm quite skilled at cooking.

“What do you like to eat?" The maid's hands trembled slightly, and she kept her head down.

"Miss, you're too kind. Don't thank me, really." After applying the medicine, the maid quickly left the room with her belongings.

Everything returned to calmness. Natalie was lost in her thoughts about Oliver. In a way, she seemed to owe Oliver another favor. Objectively speaking, apart from his unpredictable temperament and the cold-blooded manner in which he killed at the old mansion, he was actually a good person, even outstanding.

With his perfect appearance, outstanding temperament, formidable abilities, and powerful family background, if he wanted the outside world to know about these, countless high society ladies would flock to him.

When he was willing to reveal the truth about himself to the world, it would surely cause a nationwide sensation.

"Mr. Windsor, it's over." The maid reported to Oliver, who was standing outside the room.

"Lady's injury is not severe. The swelling should go down by tomorrow." As she spoke, another maid approached and respectfully handed her a white lab coat.

"Doctor May, here are your clothes." Rosy May thanked her and took back her own clothes.

Seeing that Oliver had no further instructions, she turned to change out of the maid uniform. After taking a few steps, she couldn't help but glance back and, impressed, sent a text message to Wyatt: [Young Master, has Mr. Windsor fallen in love?]

Rosy was a top surgeon and also Oliver's personal doctor. He was good friends with Wyatt, as they both shared a passion for "skills." One advocated for medical skills, while the other advocated for technology.

Wyatt: [How do you know that?]

Rosy: [Mr. Windsor asked me to pretend to be his housemaid and serve his woman. He didn't allow me to mention his kind intentions. That lady kept thanking me and even wanted to make desserts for me, which made me feel embarrassed.]

Wyatt didn't reply to her text. Within half a minute, Rosy received a call from Wyatt, "Dr. May, let's grab a meal and tell me what happened!"

"Fool!" Rosy disdainfully uttered two words and hung-up Wyatt's call.

Thinking back to the girl just now, she was so beautiful that it was impossible for anyone to look away. Her beauty was not just superficial, but exuded a natural charm that appeased anyone, and she had a good personality.

Rosy couldn't help but wonder if it was fortunate or unfortunate for the girl to be watched by Oliver, such a radical beast.

Midnight.

The door to the guest room wasn't closed securely, and Oliver came out of his study after finishing some paperwork. As he passed by Natalie's room, he inexplicably stopped and quietly pushed the door open.

The moon was shining brightly tonight, and in the dim moonlight, he could see the figure of a woman lying on the bed.

He faintly heard some sobbing.

Sobbing?

Oliver frowned, taking big steps toward her.

Natalie had her fists clenched at her chest and her legs curled up, a self-protective posture. Her brows were tightly furrowed, and tears flowed from her closed eyes.

Did she have a nightmare or did she find out something heartbreaking?

When Oliver finally reacted, his fingers had uncontrollably wiped away her tears. It seemed that the bruises on her cheeks and swelling had disappeared, and an inexplicable and awkward pain arose in his heart.
###Chapter 52 Natalie, listen obediently
"Natalie, as long as you listen obediently, I won't let anyone bully you."

After sleeping for the night, the injuries on Natalie's face had indeed improved significantly. Following the "maid's" instructions, she applied some medicine, and the cool and soothing ointment relieved the remaining fiery pain on her face.

Natalie went downstairs and was amazed to see the foyer filled with stand-alone clothing racks, which showcased a variety of styles and designs, all women's clothing.

Oliver sat on his own single sofa, allowing Mr. Liam to direct the maids on how to arrange them. People from the clothing store outside were constantly bringing in more stand-alone clothing racks.

"Lady, good morning!" Mr. Liam spotted Natalie standing on the second floor and said, "The young master has prepared these clothes for you. Are you still interested?"

He bought them for her?

’So many?‘

’Is he planning on opening a women's clothing store?‘

Natalie was stunned and quickened her pace downstairs, struggling to find the right words.
"Young master, these..."

"Do you not like them?" Oliver raised his gaze.

"It's not like that, there are just too many, and why... why did you suddenly buy me clothes? I have clothes," Natalie replied.

Although Natalie brought some clothing from the Watson family, it was enough for her, even though it wasn't much.

"Just those clothes of yours?" Oliver didn't hide his disdain. "Throw them away."

What's wrong with her clothes? There were plenty of students at school wearing affordable brands.

’Do you have to buy clothes like these just to show off that you have money?‘

As a model, Natalie naturally knew the value of the women's clothing Oliver bought, with the worst ones costing thousands or even tens of thousands.

"Mr. Windsor, I'm still a student. It's not good to dress so ostentatiously." Natalie tried to reason with him.

She didn't refuse these clothes because she was being picky, nor because she didn't wear designer brands. But she wasn't the one spending the money, and she and Oliver didn't have a partnership of equals between husband and wife.

"I don't think it's a problem." Oliver stood up, not wanting to waste time discussing this with her. He told the servant, "Put the clothes in the wardrobe."

Natalie rolled her eyes. ’Fine, send them to your wardrobe, I won't wear them!‘

But unexpectedly, as if knowing her thoughts, Oliver said to her, "In the future, wear something different every day, no repeats."

"I..." Natalie really wanted to curse!

The servant organized the clothes, shoes, handbags, and accessories, categorizing them and filling two wardrobes.

Natalie first selected some slightly cheaper clothes and removed the tags after trying them on one by one. She kept the tags safe for later accounting, intending to pay Oliver back in the future. The jewelry and handbags remained untouched.

Finally, when Oliver saw Natalie in the clothes he bought, he approved.

This feeling of raising a pet was getting better and better.

With school about to start, Natalie planned to find time to talk to Oliver about this matter formally.

Natalie was majoring in modeling at Sense International University, and after the semester began, she not only had to attend classes but also participate in school activities and have the opportunity to walk the runway. It would be inconvenient to stay at the Rosewood Estate every day.

However, Natalie hadn't seen Oliver for several days.

"Mr. Liam, is Mr. Windsor coming back tonight?" Natalie asked.

"I don't know whether the young master is coming back or not," Mr. Liam shook his head without any hesitation, but he knew in his heart that the young master had gone to Europe for work inspection.
###Chapter 53 Marrying Oliver for Money
"Madam, if you care about the young master, you can personally talk to him. You are his wife, and your words are more persuasive." Mr. Liam was always good at judging people, and although this Madam was a substitute bride, she was humble and polite, living an organized life. She appeared cold, but was actually a gentle person, and the food she cooked could even open the appetite of the young master, who had anorexia.

She suited the young master very well.

"Well... uh... forget it." Natalie awkwardly smiled, frantically shaking her head inwardly.

'Me, persuade him?'

'Who knows how he might humiliate me!'

Not long after Oliver landed, he received a call from Mr. Liam.

"Young master, when will you return home?" Oliver furrowed his brows. Mr. Liam had never asked about his whereabouts before.

"Young master, Lady is worried about your health and cares about you."

Natalie had no idea that Mr. Liam, the only person in this house who would put on a smile for her, was quietly selling her out.

Oliver glanced at the gift box in his hands and replied, "I'll come back today."

Charles, who was nonchalant, felt his eyelid twitch. Did he just see a smile on Mr. Windsor's lips?

Too bizarre!

Even more peculiar was the fact that their usually workaholic boss had personally gone to the auction house in Paris to bid on women's jewelry!

As the evening approached, Natalie received a call from Jane, who sounded very anxious.

"Natalie, I heard that Hailey and Adrian are going to have an engagement ceremony at the end of the month. Isn't Adrian your boyfriend? Isn't Hailey engaged to Mr. Windsor?"

"Engage?" Natalie widened her eyes in shock. "So soon?"

'Are those two really in such a hurry?'

"Natalie, what is going on?" Through the phone, Natalie could imagine her best friend's fierce expression as if she wanted to chop someone up.

"Don't worry. Let me explain."

Natalie briefly narrated the whole incident.

"I planned to tell you in person when you arrived."

"These people are truly shameless!" Jane, elegant and cold on the outside, was actually fiercely protective, and she was seething with anger. "Hailey not only stole your man but also made you marry that weirdo on her behalf? That woman has been after Oliver since childhood."

She considered herself to be his fiancée, but now that Oliver was ugly and frail, she avoided him at all costs. She got Natalie to marry him in her place.

"Jane, calm down!" Natalie quickly tried to placate her.

"Forget it. Let Adrian and Hailey get engaged, and the whore deserves a male dog!" Jane's tone changed suddenly. "Natalie, you're telling me this major news now? I've already booked my ticket to go back home and I'm at Charles de Gaulle Airport. I'm telling you, you’ll be in big trouble when I come back!"

"Jane..." Natalie sighed, both exasperated and amused. 'Luckily, Jane is currently abroad; otherwise, she wouldn't be at the airport but on her way to confront someone.'

"What about you now? Do you... still have feelings for Adrian?" Jane asked cautiously after her outburst.

Every word from her best friend oozed with genuine concern, and this precious warmth finally diluted the bitterness in Natalie's heart.

"I'm already living at Oliver's estate now. I don't like Adrian." She was now Oliver's wife while Adrian was about to become Hailey's husband. How could she still have feelings for him?

No, she couldn't like Adrian, and he was even more unworthy of her affection!

"But why did you agree to marry Oliver instead of Hailey?" Jane couldn't help but worry.

"For money," Natalie replied weakly, sinking onto a chair in the garden. Her voice sounded distant, almost absent-minded. "I married Oliver for the money."
###Chapter 54 Please Me
She had no choice but to marry Oliver for money for her brother's life-saving surgery.

Bang!

The beautifully wrapped gift box was violently thrown away.

Oliver never expected to hear such words when he returned home.

He thought she missed him, but it turns out she married him solely for the money!

He thought her previous actions were seducing him, but now she said she didn't love him!

Oliver has only one word in mind: 'a joke.'

Startled by the noise, Natalie turned around to see a tall and majestic man standing not far behind her. She quickly hung up the phone.

Oliver was wearing a tailored silver-gray suit. With broad shoulders and a slim waist, his long legs were tightly wrapped in dress pants, as if he had just come from a business meeting.

His handsome face appeared even more striking under the sunlight, but his eyes were filled with piercing coldness and mockery, like a sharp sword.

Terrifying as never before.

"How long have you been here?" Natalie stuttered.

She didn't even notice his presence!

How much did he hear?

"Not long." Oliver took a step closer, his tall shadow enveloping Natalie. "Since..."

"You said that your ex-boyfriend had sex with your sister." Natalie's petite face instantly drained of color, instinctively retreating. But the man accurately grasped her delicate chin. He was angry, expressionless, yet his fingers exerted great force. Natalie winced in pain, afraid that he would squeeze her chin too hard and crush it.

"You don't like me? Do you like Adrian then?" Oliver's cold, mocking smile was even more terrifying than his emotionless face. It turned out that she didn't go to great lengths to please him, to seduce him, because she wasn't interested in him.

"Married me just for the money? Huh?" His voice was like the Grim Reaper. An unprecedented wave of fear washed over Natalie. She wanted to shake her head, but her chin was held tightly by him, rendering her unable to move.

"Are you that desperate for money?" He actually still wanted to take care of her and pamper her. It was ridiculous. Why would he keep a woman who had another man in her heart?

"Natalie, tell me!"

"Yes! I'm desperate for money!" Natalie admitted loudly, as if breaking a jar. She knew he wanted to humiliate her. Mentioning her "ex-boyfriend" specifically was meant to humiliate her, and mentioning her "sister" was also meant to humiliate her.

"Mr. Windsor, many people can give up more for money. Marriage is just one of the common things."

"Do you know the fastest way to make money?" Oliver bent down, getting closer. He saw her slightly furrowed brow, her fluttering eyelashes, delicate and beautiful.

Natalie's features were enveloped in the unfamiliar scent of a man, his breath brushing against her cheek. In the intertwining of their breaths, the distance became intimate. The unique fragrance of eucalyptus invaded her senses, along with his dominance and danger.

She felt a strong discomfort, her mind went blank, and she asked, "What?"

"To sleep with me!" Oliver enunciated each word, "Please me, and I'll give you money."

"Oliver, you’re shameless!" Natalie's face instantly flushed, and without thinking, she raised her hand to slap him. Since they got married, she thought he wouldn't touch her anymore.

But Oliver had received military training and was even better than an elite special forces soldier. He easily grabbed Natalie's wrist, swiftly turned her around, and pinned her in his arms, rendering her unable to move. The woman's body became as soft as a bundle, making one want to crush her.

"Natalie, you are my wife," Oliver said with the most pleasant and cruel tone of voice, "Serving me is your duty."
###Chapter 55 Will You Accept a Kiss? Kiss Me
Natalie shook her head, her eyes filled with tears of fear.

"If I'm unwilling, then you're an adulterer..."

"I don't mind."

Oliver grew impatient and grabbed Natalie's wrist, pulling her upstairs. When she resisted and struggled, he lifted her up with one hand and marched forward.

"Oliver! Oliver! I'm sorry, don't do this!"

"I will be devoted to you from now on. Please, don't do this, I beg you!"

Seeing his determination, Natalie screamed and hit him, trying to kick him.

She didn't like him. She couldn't give herself to a man like him, even if he was her nominal husband. That psychological barrier couldn't be crossed.

After being married for so long, she had already accepted that he didn't like her and wouldn't touch her!

Oliver heard the woman's sobbing, and for the first time, he heard someone call his name in such a helpless and... tender way.

His stubborn heart softened inexplicably, and he paused, "Devoted?"

Seeing hope, Natalie placed her hands on his shoulders, struggling to lift her head and look at him. The tips of her fingers were filled with the touch of his strong muscles.

"Yes! I promise that from now on, I will be devoted to you as my husband and take good care of you. I will be good to you! As long as you... don't force me."

Natalie looked at Oliver's cold and determined face, full of hope and prayers.

Tears welled up in her deer-like eyes and one fell down as she spoke, as if she had been greatly wronged.

Even though Oliver was proud, he wouldn't force a woman.

He had indeed... lost control just now.

Oliver put her down.

Natalie felt dizzy for a moment and instinctively grabbed onto his clothes.

Oliver's gaze paused for a moment on those fair and slender fingers, and the irritability and fierceness remained. He wanted to smoke, but he didn't have any cigarettes with him.

"Natalie, don't you like Adrian? Is your devotion really so cheap?"

"No, I don't like him."

Natalie wiped away her tears with the back of her hand. Why did this jerk keep saying that she liked that scumbag, Adrian!

"Then what about me?"

"I..." Natalie bit her lip, her black and white eyes looked at him, but she couldn't say the word "like"

Oliver sneered, his gaze falling on Natalie's lips, "Do you want a kiss?"

When she struggled just now, she bit her own lip, and now it was reddened.

"Huh?" His topic changed too quickly, and Natalie didn't react.

"Has Adrian ever kissed you?" Oliver's thumb lightly brushed against the corner of her lips; his eyes filled with cold indifference.

Natalie blinked, "A peck on the cheek, does that count?"

A kiss on the cheek...

Oliver's hostility dissipated considerably by her innocent reaction.

"Kissing is called a kiss," he said.

"N-No," Natalie blushed.

She had only been dating Adrian for two months, and she was slow and conservative. They had only hugged and held hands; at most he had stolen a kiss on her cheek when she least expected it.

Oliver smirked satisfactorily and commanded, "Kiss me."

"What?!"

Natalie widened her eyes in shock, and once she realized she hadn't misheard, her cheeks turned even redder.

Oliver silently looked at her, and his silence exerted immense pressure.

As a married couple, he promised not to force her... a simple kiss wasn't too much to ask.

Natalie took a deep breath, made up her mind, tiptoed, closed her eyes, and quickly kissed Oliver on the lips.

"That's enough..."

She was too embarrassed to look at him, her clear eyes didn't know where to turn. "Mr. Windsor, if there's nothing else, I'll go now."

Seeing that he didn't say anything, Natalie hurriedly escaped.

Oliver felt only a soft, almost fleeting touch on his lips before it disappeared.

Wholeheartedly?

Only this word could restrain Oliver's violent impulses.

Natalie took a few steps thinking she had narrowly escaped a predicament. Just as she was about to relax, she felt a force behind her.

Her surroundings spun, and her body was pressed against a tall carved pillar.

Oliver's flawless handsome face enlarged in front of her, and his light-colored eyes surged with intense emotions.

"Oliv... Mph!"

Natalie hadn't finished speaking when the man leaned down and kissed her.

He was cold and temperamental, except for those lips...

Natalie's eyes widened in shock and fear.

She wanted to push him away but didn't dare, and she couldn't push him away either.

Oliver kept his eyes open, capturing Natalie's every move. She resembled a pure and innocent fawn.

Natalie's rationality resurfaced, and she struggled hard, but at this point, she had no strength left.

It wasn't until she was severely lacking oxygen and her lungs began to ache that the man released her.

Oliver's strong arms embraced her soft body as he watched her gasping for breath.

Showing rare patience, he said, "So... do you understand now?"

"Mr. Windsor, Adrian and Ms. Hailey Watson are getting engaged," Liam informed Oliver as he entered the room.

Oliver responded with a grunt.

"Mr. Windsor, regarding Ms. Hailey Watson..."

"Did you know?" Oliver looked at Liam.

"Yes." Liam respectfully replied, "Mrs. Windsor also knows that your original fiancée was supposed to be Ms. Hailey Watson. She was the one who told me this information."

"My grandma didn't object?" Oliver raised an eyebrow in surprise. Emma may not be very conservative, but she didn't seem like someone who would accept a daughter born out of wedlock.

"Mrs. Windsor thinks highly of Ms. Natalie Watson." Liam did not tell Oliver that Emma had already guessed that the Watson family would not let Hailey marry into their family. She had been observing Natalie and Hailey, the two sisters, for several years and felt that Hailey's hypocritical nature was not worthy of the young master.

"I'm not interested in Hailey." Oliver picked up on their previous conversation.

Liam sighed with relief, "Ms. Natalie Watson is quite lovely. The first time you met her after getting married, she even asked me if the master bedroom really belonged to you."

Oliver was briefly taken aback.

She really was naive!

Nightfall.

Natalie struggled to fall asleep.

Every time she closed her eyes, Oliver's handsome face appeared as if it were right in front of her, his incredibly sexy thin lips, and his domineering words...

She had also seen his actions, which were astonishingly provocative.

Just then, her phone suddenly vibrated.
###Chapter 56 I don't like it; I don't want it.
Natalie saw a text message from an unfamiliar number: [Hey sister-in-law, it's Isaac. Hehe!]

After Natalie passed the car show interview, Isaac became her boss, so she immediately sat up in bed: [Issac, hello.]

Isaac: [Sister-in-law, Charles said Oliver brought you a gift all the way from London. What did he bring for you? Give us a taste of the good stuff?]

Isaac was purely curious. Since he couldn't get an answer from Oliver, he happened to have nothing to do tonight, so he came to ask Natalie. After all, her contact information was in the company system and easy to obtain.

In an instant, Natalie suddenly remembered that Oliver seemed to have lost something when he came back, and the sound of it being thrown was quite loud. She didn't pay attention to it at the time.

Natalie got out of bed, casually put on a coat, and walked out.

The servants had already gone to rest, and it was silent. The first-floor foyer was only dimly lit by a corner lamp.

Natalie turned on her phone's flashlight and slowly searched for something that could be the "gift" Isaac mentioned.

The light was too dim, making it difficult to see the path, let alone find something.

Natalie had searched for two hours without any success, but she couldn't just throw away the valuable things Oliver had brought back from London, despite being upset with him. She had no choice but to continue searching, albeit with patience.

It was already three in the morning when Natalie finally spotted a brown paper bag with an embossed vintage pattern, just outside the window. Inside was a similarly designed square flat gift box, not small in size, measuring ten inches, with the surface now dampened by the night dew.

The next morning, Oliver returned from his morning exercise, and the outer guards hurriedly approached him.

"Young master, it seems Miss was in the backyard last night and didn't return to her room until half-past three. We went there later to check, but found nothing," the guard's emphasis was on safety.

Oliver's expression turned cold, "Half-past three?"

"Yes."

"She stayed up until the middle of the night, and you didn't bother to see why?"

"But she is Lady..."

"You don't know how to inform me?" Oliver glared at the few people.

“We were afraid to disturb you while you were sleeping. You've always had trouble sleeping, so how could we dare to call you? Anyone who disturbs your sleep is asking for trouble.”

"Get lost!" Oliver's temper was never good, and now it was even worse in the early morning.

The head guard nodded repeatedly, about to leave when he heard his boss say, "From now on, anything related to Natalie must be reported to me immediately!"

"Yes, yes!"

Today, Oliver didn't see Natalie during his morning exercise. It was already half-past six, and she still hadn't come down. It wasn't until seven o'clock that the woman appeared.

"Mr. Windsor... good morning," Natalie was still embarrassed to see him because of what happened yesterday, but now, seeing Oliver so early in the morning, her eyes held hostility instead of embarrassment.

"You have bags under your eyes that could touch the ground," Oliver looked at her weary face, with slightly swollen eyelids indicating lack of sleep, "Did you find gold in the backyard?"

He didn't mention the lingering kiss from yesterday afternoon.

Natalie had only slept for two to three hours, and now her mind wasn't very clear. After a while, she reacted, "You know?"

Her voice was soft and tender, with a hint of innocence, something she would never do when her mind was clear.

While Oliver was filled with anger, there was also a part of him trying to calm the raging fire. With his molars clenched, he wondered what to do with this restless and foolish woman who always managed to make him angry.

She never listened!

If she didn't start behaving, he would throw her out like an abandoned cat!

"Mr. Windsor, is this yours?" Just as he was thinking this way, the woman suddenly spoke, holding out a delicate gold-patterned box in her hands.

"Here is the gift box."

It was a jewelry box that he brought back from the auction house.

He didn't mention that kiss, and Natalie wouldn't either.

For him, it might not have been a kiss, but a punishment.

"You stayed up all night looking for this thing?"

Oliver now found the jewelry box displeasing. If he hadn't brought it back, she wouldn't have stayed up like a fool in the middle of the night searching for something.

"Here, take it back." Natalie ignored his foul attitude. After yesterday, she didn't dare to be reckless anymore.

Her obedient appearance made Oliver even more angry. He stared at her for a while before saying, "Open it and take a look."

"Oh."

The gift box opened, revealing a luxurious necklace with a translucent black gemstone as its centerpiece. The entire chain was made of uniform-sized pearls, which were round and soft in texture and could be regarded as top-quality. The entire design exuded an air of nobility that went beyond the phrase "priceless."

"Do you like it?" Oliver could already imagine how beautiful the necklace would look on her neck.

Her neck was slender, her skin fair, and her collarbone delicate. This necklace was the perfect fit.

Natalie took a glance and shook her head. "I don't like it."

Oliver seemed to have not heard her words and arrogantly said, "Put it on and let me see."

"Mr. Windsor, I don't like it. Take it back, please." Natalie made her point clear.

"Woman, do you want me to throw you out?" Oliver's face was even more sour now. She actually dared to keep saying she didn't like the gift he gave!

Natalie was firm. "Thank you for your kindness, Mr. Windsor, but I really don't want it."

"Fine!" Oliver smirked.

He strode towards the entrance, lifting the hand holding the necklace box high.

Natalie's body reacted faster than her mind. She ran over and hugged his arm. "Hey! What are you doing!"

"Didn't you say you don't want it?"

"Oliver, I searched for this all night!"

"What does that have to do with me? It's mine, and I can do whatever I want with it."

Oliver's implicit meaning was: If you don't want it, I'll throw it away!

"I want it!" Natalie compromised. She couldn't do anything about him. "I'll accept it then!"

In her heart, she cursed this stubborn and cunning man a hundred times, afraid that he would actually smash this expensive piece of jewelry on the ground. She didn't notice that the man's body had stiffened for a moment.

Oliver had a stunned expression.

Natalie's words echoed in his ears: "I want it."

These two words were more suitable for the bedroom.

Oliver's gaze briefly passed over her rosy lips, vividly recalling their soft and sweet texture.

"Put it on, let me see," Oliver snapped out of his trance, his voice unusually low and strained.

"Oh."

Natalie touched the necklace with her fingertips, genuinely liking its classical elegance more than the diamond necklaces in the wardrobe.

She lifted her arm backward but couldn't find the clasp, looking at him with a pitiful expression. "Mr. Windsor, I can't put it on."

"Clumsy!"

Oliver walked over and took the necklace from her, his hands clasping the back.

As an antique piece, this necklace couldn't be worn like modern ones.

Oliver quickly managed to secure it, and as his fingertips brushed against Natalie's delicate neck, he paused for a moment, the touch as smooth as the finest ivory jade.
###Chapter 57 I don't want to...is that okay?
The necklace comfortably pressed against her skin, the gems cool and the pearls lustrous. Natalie stood there like a model, waiting for Oliver's admiration.

Oliver nodded in satisfaction.

Indeed, the necklace looked even more stunning on her than he had imagined. It wasn't the necklace complementing the person, but the person enhancing the necklace.

"How did you know I got you this gift?" Oliver asked.

Even Mr. Liam wasn't aware of this.

"Isaac told me," Natalie carefully took off the necklace, intending to put it back in the wardrobe later for safekeeping, letting it serve as a decoration.

Oliver narrowed his eyes. "That idiot Isaac!"

Having woken up late, Natalie cooked a bowl of plain soy sauce noodles for breakfast.

Soy sauce noodles were a simple dish in the Su style. After boiling the noodles in a pot of water, they were lifted and placed in a bowl, along with the toppings, using long chopsticks.

Natalie deliberately used a bone broth and sprinkled some chopped scallions. She also fried a sunny side-up egg, its color beautiful and fragrance captivating.

Oliver took a bite of the egg, savoring its smooth, runny yolk that filled his mouth with rich flavors.

After taking a bite, he set down his chopsticks. "Woman, tell me again what you promised me yesterday."

"Huh? What promise?" Natalie had just sat down, thinking he was going to bring up the matter of the kiss, her cheeks instantly turning red.

"The promise you made to me."

"I...,"

Thank goodness it's not about the kiss!

Still, Natalie felt far from relaxed, looking at Oliver's composed appearance and realizing he intentionally brought it up!

Oliver had overheard her words yesterday, about marrying him for money. Any man would fly into a rage upon hearing such words, let alone someone as proud as Oliver.

The fact that he hadn't killed her already was a relief.

Natalie took a deep breath, glanced at the chopped scallions in her bowl, and said, "I promise that from now on, I will wholeheartedly treat you as my husband and take good care of your life, treating you well."

"Speak up," Oliver commanded, arms crossed and expressionless. "Look at me when you speak."

"I promise from now on, I will wholeheartedly treat you as my husband, take good care of your life, and treat you well!" Natalie, feeling both angry and embarrassed, wanted to hit someone. "Is that enough?"

Having heard what, he wanted to hear; Oliver remained unsatisfied. He stared at her and asked, "Did you marry me for the money?"

"Yes." Since he had heard it yesterday anyway and there was no point in hiding it, Natalie said calmly, "My brother is sick. If I don't obey the Watson family, they will stop paying for my brother's medical expenses."

Damn it, another important brother emerged!

She actually married him for her brother!

"Remember what you just said!" Oliver decided not to bring up this gloomy topic that was affecting his mood.

Oliver ate with elegance, even when eating the most ordinary noodles, he exuded a sense of nobility.

But he ate quickly. By the time Natalie had only eaten half, he had already wiped his mouth.

Oliver's gaze fell on her lips again, and he unconsciously licked his own.

Two seconds later, he abruptly shifted his gaze away.

"Mr. Windsor, it might be inconvenient for me to return to the Rosewood Estate after school starts. Can I not stay here?" Natalie had just finished speaking when the man across from her looked at her sharply, his gaze biting cold.

"Natalie, are you asking for a separation from me?" Oliver's eyebrows raised playfully.

"Well, we are already sleeping separately, and if I move out..." Natalie didn't dare finish her sentence.

The fear she felt when he caught her saying she married him for money yesterday came flooding back.

Natalie considered his reasons for disagreeing and reassured him, "Mr. Windsor, don't worry, my school apartment has a kitchen. Charles can come and fetch your meals."

Is he really angry over a few meals?

Is Oliver really this petty?

Oliver looked at Natalie with a gloomy expression, but for a moment, he couldn't think of a reason to keep Natalie around.

Hmph, Natalie was his wife. Did he need a reason to keep her at the Rosewood Estate?

"No way!" Oliver firmly replied with two words.

After speaking, he instructed Mr. Liam, "Mr. Liam, move her toiletries to my room."

"What?!" Natalie stood up in shock.

Oliver looked at her. Wasn't his meaning clear enough?

"Mr. Windsor, do you want me to sleep with you?" After saying the word "sleep," Natalie's face turned red, "I don't want to... is that okay?"

Oliver's eyes turned cold and rebellious, silently giving her a negative answer.

They were licensed professionals, so shouldn't they sleep together?

"I... Achoo!" Natalie quickly turned around and sneezed forcefully.

Her nose was itching, and she sneezed twice more.

She caught a cold from searching outside for things all night.

Oliver mentally scolded Isaac again and looked at Natalie with disdain, "You're so foolish, yet you still want to go out."

Ever since yesterday, Oliver had been in a bad mood. After finishing his meal, he didn't stay in the main building for a moment longer and seemed reluctant to even look at Natalie for an extra second.

Natalie sneezed again. Actually, living at the Rosewood Estate was possible, but someone would need to pick her up and drop her off every day, which was inconvenient.

Oh God, the problem now isn't going to school, but having to share a bed with Oliver!

It's unbearable!

"Lady, this is cold medicine." Mr. Liam left for a moment and came back with a few medicine boxes in his hand.

"Thank you, Mr. Liam." In Natalie's eyes, this old man was the best person in the room.

Mr. Liam chuckled, "If the lady wants to thank someone, thank the young master. It was his idea."

Oliver?

Natalie inwardly scoffed. After Oliver's disdainful attitude towards her just now, how could he be getting her the medicine? It must be Mr. Liam being nice to her.

Natalie sighed heavily, unable to understand what Oliver was thinking.

When he initially arranged for her to stay in a separate guest room instead of the master bedroom, it showed that he was a territorial and possessive person. So why suddenly must she stay in the master bedroom?

RK Group, Asia Headquarters.

Two stunning men walked into the CEO's office on the 72nd floor.

As soon as they entered, they smelled a strong aroma of food, making their mouths water.

"Oliver, you're over your anorexia?" Wyatt looked shocked at the four dishes and one soup on the golden nanmu wood table.

Pan-fried barramundi fillet, tomato red wine braised beef, stir-fried prawns with broccoli, Modena black vinegar beef salad, and a bowl of lamb and black bean soup.

The exquisite and high-end meals were served in delicate redwood lunch boxes. They weren't fancy in terms of presentation compared to their usual fine dining, but the aroma and color combination were appetizing.

What surprised Isaac and Wyatt was that most of the dishes had already been consumed by Oliver.

"No," Oliver took a bite of beef.

The large pieces of beef were tender and chewy, the sourness of the tomatoes balanced out the taste of the beef. The fragrance of the red wine was brought to its peak, and the mushrooms added a delicious texture.
###Chapter 58 Nourishing Yang and Tonifying Kidney
"So, this dish is delicious?" Isaac eagerly reached out to grab the beef, but Oliver pushed him away so fast that he couldn't even react.

"Buy it yourself if you want to eat," Oliver warned him with his eyes.

"Where did you buy this?" Isaac couldn't recall a place that offered such delicacies.

You should know that brother is very picky when it comes to food. Anything he thinks is tasty must be heavenly!

"Natalie made it."

"Oh, Natalie made it..." Isaac paused halfway through his words, remembering something. "Natalie is so virtuous! Wow, she's a great wife."

Oliver's cold gaze swept over him.

"Uh, brother, I swear on my life, I have no ill intentions towards your wife!" Isaac raised four fingers and swore, "Friends' wives should not be deceived. I know better now. I was just bluffing before... you shouldn't mind me!"

Wyatt broke off one of his extra fingers and exposed him, "You're just scared of death."

Isaac really wanted to kick Wyatt.

But gossip was still important, "Brother, I've always wanted to ask you, when your wife found out that the rumors about you weren't true, but instead you're a handsome guy with high appearance, good physical strength, and a well-endowed lower body, were you very excited?"

Oliver thought about Natalie's reaction and looked even more coldly at Isaac.

Could it be... things didn't go well last night? Isaac wondered, it shouldn't be, Brother is very capable of learning!

Besides, when it comes to that kind of thing, men are naturally talented!

"Brother, look at this lamb and black bean soup, it warms the throat, strengthens the waist, and tones the kidney. My sister-in-law takes care of your body so well, she must really love you," Isaac comforted him.

"Isaac, let me advise you, stop pushing the boundaries of stupidity." Wyatt glanced at Isaac and his face almost said: How the hell did I end up with such a dumbass brother?!


It's really incomprehensible how this dumbass is able to manage a company without going bankrupt and can even attract a bunch of girls!

"Uh..." Isaac finally realized that his brother's gaze was off, "Brother, the food is getting cold, eat up!"

"Don't mention her in front of me."

Do you like her? Oliver scoffed and sneered.

It's all for the money.

Vain woman!

"Oh," Isaac touched his nose, "I originally came to show you the car modelling clothes for Natalie, let's forget about them."

"...Come back."

Isaac had only taken a few steps outside of the office when he was called back.
Oliver had an expressionless face, "Show me."

Wyatt maintained a composed demeanor, but couldn't help but glance at Oliver for a moment, seeing him like this for the first time.

Isaac smirked and immediately turned back.

He took out his phone and swiped to show a picture, "Just this one!
I had it specially designed by a designer from A Pavilion, for Natalie only!"

In the past, the car model clothes at B Pavilion were either designed by ordinary designers or bought ready-made. Only the top models at A Pavilion had the qualifications to invite renowned designers.

The picture showed a set of all-black attire; black tight leather shorts, a black leather crop top with an exposed midriff and back, and a black embroidered gauze on top. The embroidery combined the coldness and hardness of black leather, making it undoubtedly stylish and alluring on a woman.

Just by looking at the design, Oliver could imagine how it would look on Natalie.

He stared for a while and said, enunciating each word, "Change it!"

"Why? I think it looks great! The clothes are already done and will be delivered tomorrow," Isaac became more satisfied the more he looked, this outfit would definitely complement Natalie’s figure!

"Change it!" Oliver summarized in one word, too lazy to waste his breath.

"Fine." Isaac pouted, "What should I change it to?"

Oliver opened the clothing inventory pictures of RK Media, the company, which included some high-end dresses for actors.

"This one." His finger paused on a white flowing long dress with a half-shoulder tulle design and a ruffled waist, elegant and refined, suitable for any occasion.

It was completely different from a car model outfit; it looked more like something worn to a party.

Isaac was at a loss for words but eventually said, "Fine."

"Natalie has a younger brother, look him up," Oliver said to Wyatt.

Wyatt was in charge of RK Group's IT and AI sectors, and was also a top-notch hacker globally, so it would only take him a few minutes to get someone's information.

As for Lucas' information, Wyatt had already found out when he was investigating Natalie.

"Brother, Natalie has a younger half-brother named Lucas, 16 years old. He was diagnosed with leukemia six months ago and is currently in the hospital," Wyatt said, "But Lucas has never been doted on by Robert and has always been taken care of by Natalie."

"How severe is his condition? Is it fatal?" Oliver gritted his teeth a little, feeling more and more upset about Natalie having a younger brother that had relied on her since childhood.

Wyatt hesitated for a moment and thought, brother, if Sister-in-Law hears you say this, be prepared to face her wrath in the future!

"Lucas is currently undergoing chemotherapy. As for his prognosis..."

"The situation is still stable," Wyatt said, pulling out a photo from his phone.

It was a picture of Natalie and Lucas. The young boy had delicate features and was already a handsome young man. In his left hand, he held a national gold medal for a painting competition, while in his right hand, he displayed a global gold certificate for a math Olympiad.

Hanging around his neck was a national gold medal for a robotics competition.

Next to him, Natalie's smile was filled with pride and tenderness, her eyes shining like stars.

This was a Natalie that Oliver had never seen before, radiant and dazzling.

They left the office.

"Wyatt, what's the deal with brother and Natalie?" Isaac asked Wyatt. "I specially hired a designer for my sister-in-law, but he wasn't satisfied and chose that other dress. Seriously, that white dress won’t help promote the sales."

"The dress you picked was too revealing," Wyatt looked at him as if he were an idiot.

"Revealing?" Isaac couldn't agree. "Didn't it come with an extra layer of sheer fabric?"

"Which do you think is more appealing, not wearing any clothes or wearing lingerie?"

Of course, it's lingerie!

Isaac suddenly realized, putting his arm around Wyatt. "Wow, I can't believe someone like you, who's never been in a relationship, understands this so well!"

"It's an issue of intelligence," Wyatt said.

"Brother, personal attacks are uncalled for!" Isaac pretended to be angry, but it lasted only a second. "So, Oliver likes Natalie?"

"How would I know? I can't read Oliver's mind. If you're interested, go ask him yourself."

"You're basically telling me to go die, aren't you?!"

"You're always seeking death anyway."

"Why do you have to be so offensive, Wyatt?"

This was the first time Natalie felt afraid of the night.

She stood at the door of Oliver's room, hesitating to go in.

The spacious room with a Gothic decoration felt like a giant beast waiting for her.
###Chapter 59 Warming the Bed?
Natalie stood there for over an hour, letting out a deep sigh, and finally walked in, hoping to fall asleep before Oliver returned, or at least pretend to be asleep, to avoid the awkwardness of facing him. The only consolation was that this oversized bed would allow her to stay as far away from Oliver as possible.

Just like at the old mansion, Natalie slept on the edge of the bed, covering herself with a blanket she brought from the guest room. However, the sheets and pillows carried Oliver's scent, making her body tense with unease.

Although they had slept together on the same bed at the old mansion, that was under special circumstances. Now... it was completely different.

"Click."

The door opened.

Natalie was startled and fell off the bed with a loud thud.

Oliver turned on the light and saw a fluffy head poking out from under the blanket. With damp, big eyes blinking at him, the person sat on the ground, resembling an innocent and tender little kitten.

Natalie noticed a dim coldness and a hint of disdain in his gaze. She felt the disdain for herself for falling off the bed.

"Mr. Windsor..." she awkwardly got up, still holding her blanket.

"Lie on the bed, I'm going to take a shower," Oliver said as he walked towards the bathroom, loosening his tie.

"Mr. Windsor, you said you wouldn't force me!" Natalie was startled by his posture.

Oliver paused, then turned to meet her vigilant eyes and posture, and that inexplicable annoyance surged within him once again.

"Natalie, if I wanted you, I wouldn't need to consider time or place."

Even if she didn't sleep on his bed, he could still do as he pleased, whenever he wanted to.

Natalie felt insulted, a slight burning shame on her cheeks. "Then why did you ask me to...to sleep with you?"

"To warm the bed!" Oliver naturally wouldn't admit that having her by his side that night at the old mansion unexpectedly brought him a sense of peace and comfort, more so than ever before.

The sound of running water came from the bathroom.

Natalie clenched her lips, unable to escape or hide, only able to face it.

She should have shared a bed with Oliver a long time ago. She didn't have the right to choose or resist. Earlier, when she could sleep alone, it was merely a stroke of kindness from fate.

Oliver emerged from the bathroom, his short hair damp and dripping, bathrobe loosely worn to reveal his sturdy and strong chest muscles. His belt was undone, as if wearing the robe properly would somehow be a burden on his body.

The woman lay on the edge of the large bed, facing away from the center, just like she did at the old mansion.

She slept obediently, rarely shifting her position throughout the night. Unless deliberately done so, she could sleep in that one square foot all night long.

"Move to the middle," Oliver said while drying his hair.

Natalie remained still, only her eyelashes trembling. "I'm already asleep and can't hear anything, don't know anything."

Little did she know that when the man paused while drying his hair, a fleeting spark of playfulness flashed in his eyes.

Thinking she had escaped; Natalie didn't feel any danger even when the man got onto the bed. It wasn't until his hands clasped her waist, his strong arms pulling her around, that she spun and collided with a solid and broad chest.

"Ah..." Natalie exclaimed, and as she lifted her gaze, she met Oliver's deep and light brown eyes.

In the dim light, whether it was her imagination or not, she saw a hint of amusement in his eyes.

"Mr. Windsor, what are you doing!" Natalie's hand pressed against his chest, trying to push herself out of his embrace.

"Aren't you asleep?" Oliver lowered his eyes and questioned.

"Um... You woke me up," Natalie decisively shifted the blame, lowering her head and meeting the smooth, well-defined chest muscles of the man, which exuded a powerful presence. "Mr. Windsor, please let go of me, I want to sleep."

"Just sleep like this."

Before the words even finished, Oliver had already closed his eyes.

The woman's body nestled in his arms, soft and delicate, more comfortable than any pillow.
Just like this?

How am I supposed to sleep like this!

Natalie felt the urge to roar, resisting and struggling, attempting to annoy him enough to let go of her and let her "misbehave" by sleeping.

"Are you trying to seduce me?"

Suddenly, the man exerted force with his arm, and Natalie leaned in, feeling the burning heat emanating from his skin.

Oliver's voice was already deep and coldly pleasant, but at this moment it had a slight huskiness that could make any voice enthusiast scream.

"I'm not!" Natalie blushed but dared not move anymore.

"Mr. Windsor, please let go of me, okay? I'm used to sleeping alone. I won't be able to sleep like this."

"Let go of you? Then what's the point of warming the bed?" Oliver's face darkened slightly as he suppressed his body's impulse.

"Mr. Windsor, it's not even autumn yet. Why would you need to warm the bed!"

This person is simply being unreasonable!

Oliver picked up the remote control from the bedside table, pressed it a few times, and immediately the cooling system of the air conditioner began to blow out a lot of cold air.

In just a short while, Natalie felt the chill in the air.

"Sleep!" Oliver stared expressionlessly at the face that said "I'll annoy you to death if you disturb my sleep" and closed his eyes.

Natalie was stunned by his mischievous action.
Is this person insane?!
Has he lost his mind?!

On the night at the old mansion, Oliver woke up the next day only to realize that he was holding Natalie. He had slight germaphobia and disliked physical contact, but the feeling of having the warmth and softness in his arms made his body only nostalgic without any rejection.

The breath between them carried the fragrant scent of a woman, with a hint of a sweet milky fragrance. It was the fastest Oliver had ever felt drowsy.

Poor Natalie.

Blinking her eyes, she didn't dare to move at all, let alone sleep.

When Oliver's breathing became even and gentle, Natalie tried to pry his hand open and roll herself away.

But why was this man's hand still holding onto her even when he was asleep?
Her arms are still so powerful!

She can't move at all!

Oliver's sleep is light, and he can sense when Natalie starts moving. He didn't want to say anything, but couldn't help himself and placed her restless little hand on his waist.

He couldn't help but scold, "Stop moving!"

"......"

"Or I will fuck you up!"

Fuck me up? Is he going to have sex with me or kill me?

The man soon fell back asleep as if the actions and words from before were all a dream.

The feeling under her palm was tight muscles and a scorching heat, as if it could burn her.

After enduring until dawn, Natalie gradually became sleepy, especially with the air conditioning set too low. The end of summer's air conditioning wasn't thick, but the man was like a furnace, able to drive away the cold.

The quality of sleep that night was surprisingly good, and Oliver woke up earlier than usual.

Before he even opened his eyes, he felt something nuzzling and rubbing against his chest.
###Chapter 60 Natalie's Sleep Assessment
Last night, the curtains weren't drawn, allowing a beam of morning light to shine on the bedside.

Oliver opened his eyes and saw the woman in his arms, avoiding the light and snuggling into his embrace like a cat.

She seemed a bit cold, and her soft, delicate hand was touching his lower back for warmth, making him feel tender.

From his perspective, he could see her curled lashes and relaxed brow, a different kind of gentleness.

Oliver suddenly felt that this kind of life was not bad at all.

Without moving his body, he reached out his arm and grabbed the smart remote control on the bedside, pressing two buttons. The curtains closed automatically, and the temperature of the air conditioning rose from 16 degrees to 26 degrees.

After a while, it was time for morning exercise, and Oliver carefully got up.

Who would have thought that as soon as he sat up, he would grabbed by a little hand.

Natalie was still asleep, her brow furrowed, holding onto him, as if his departure would disrupt her sleep.

Oliver looked at her for a few seconds, and strangely, laid back down, staring at the ceiling without feeling sleepy.

Clearly, he was the one who used her as a human pillow and held her in his arms, and now it was the other way around.

He didn't...get angry at all?

Natalie dreamt of a huge Husky dog.

She was sleeping while hugging the Husky, and the position made her feel very comfortable. So, when the Husky decided to leave, she grabbed its tail without hesitation.

But when she woke up and opened her eyes, the Husky had transformed into a cold...Oliver!

Natalie's head went "buzz" with blankness.
After blinking several times, she snapped back to reality, quickly shrinking her hand and rolling back in the sheets. She hurriedly checked her sleepwear, but there was no change.

Oliver let out a sigh of relief.

The two of them only shared a bed that night, but Natalie took the blanket with her, leaving Oliver shirtless sitting up expressionlessly.

"You didn't even take off your bra, so I'm not interested in molesting you." Oliver got off the bed and started getting dressed, exuding an air of nobility with every movement.

"...How did you know I was wearing a bra!" Natalie's eyes widened.

"The shape is different." In reality, when she pressed against him at night, the sensation was not soft enough.

Natalie was suffocating with anger early in the morning.

"Don't act like I molested you. It was you who held onto me and wouldn't let go." Oliver defended himself without blinking an eye.

"I..."

Although it was him who wanted to hold her last night, when she was waking up, she vaguely felt her hand stroking "Husky" a few times.

At that time, she was still wondering why it felt so hard when all she touched was fur.

Natalie's face turned crimson, and she turned her head away without saying a word.

Oliver's gaze lingered on her chest for half a second. Last night, when she pressed up against him, he wanted her to take that thing off.

For the next two days, the two of them continued with this "peculiar" sleeping arrangement.

Every time Natalie went downstairs and saw Mr. Liam's gentle smile, she felt a headache coming. She didn't know if it was her imagination, but she always felt that Mr. Liam's smile had some hidden meaning, almost like the gaze of a father-in-law hoping for grandchildren.

The autumn car show was fast approaching.

As the entry time was in the afternoon, the models needed to arrive at eight o'clock in the morning.

The models at Venue B only had one large shared dressing room, where all thirty models squeezed together, changing clothes and getting their makeup done by stylists.

"Has Natalie arrived?" A staff member shouted out loud, holding a dress in their hand.

"I'm here!" Natalie hurriedly walked over and took the dress.

Cory Clayton, who was standing by, admired Natalie. "Little girl, do well. Today might be the start of your journey."

"Thank you, Cory Clayton. I'll do my best!"

With Cory Clayton's status, he didn't need to monitor the venue. He came to Venue B just to see Natalie and would later go to Venue A to greet the international top models.

"Hmph, who knows what means you used to get the lead model position!"

Cory had just left when a sarcastic voice broke the silence. Noah stood beside Hailey with arms crossed, looking disdainful.

Noah failed the audition, and even if she bribed someone, no one dared to pull strings in this situation, because the overall director of the car models this time was Isaac.

"Noah, don't say such things about Natalie, although she doesn't have fame, impressive photographic works, or experience in large-scale runway shows, she's the one chosen by the judges." Hailey tugged at Noah's sleeve, persuading him.

On the surface, she was speaking up for Natalie, but in reality, she was instigating doubt and implying that Natalie obtained the position of the first model in the B scene without any credentials or achievements, other than through illicit connections.

Meanwhile, the three male judges at the time were all middle-aged, and Cory personally attended to Natalie. His unspoken words were clear: Natalie slept with the judges!

The models who had initially planned to greet and make friends with Natalie all came to a halt, looking at her with mocking or disdainful eyes.

The fashion industry may not be as wild as the entertainment industry, but it is also far from being squeaky clean. Apart from personal talent, opportunities are equally important for models. However, there are only a few good positions available, so some unconventional means are necessary to stand out.

Selling one's body is a well-known unspoken rule in the industry, but nobody admires it either.

Everyone is eager to stand on the moral high ground and criticize others, satisfying their vanity.

Natalie scoffed lightly, paying no attention to their words, and turned to the changing room to change her clothes.

There will always be people who see her abilities, but in the same vein, there will always be those who overlook her capabilities. It's unnecessary to waste words on those who intentionally belittle her. Walking towards the runway, everything will become clear.

When Natalie came out of the changing room, she noticed that all the models were gathered around one person, and that person was Hailey.

Hailey was sitting in front of the dressing table, and the one doing her makeup wasn't the company's assigned makeup artist, but Vivian.

Vivian was a top-tier makeup artist in the country, known for working with many big-name celebrities and top models.

"Vivian was specially brought in by my brother to do Hailey's makeup!" Noah deliberately spoke loudly when Natalie came out, saying, "Unlike some people who sell themselves for wealth and fame, but still end up living a lowly life."

After speaking, he deliberately glanced at Natalie, fearing that others wouldn't understand who he referred to as "some people."

Vivian was accustomed to the cutthroat nature of the upper class of society, so she wasn't fazed by the manipulation and scheming. However, when her peripheral vision caught Natalie, she paused slightly, captivated by Natalie's rare beauty.

The other models all looked at Natalie with surprise, but Natalie acted as if she didn't notice, casually finding a relatively free makeup artist to line up for her turn.

"Natalie, Adrian and I are getting engaged soon, did you know?" Hailey let Vivian style her hair as she looked at Natalie through the mirror, waiting for her to be stunned and devastated.

The man Natalie liked was now going to marry Hailey!
###Chapter 61 Adrian, I'm not interested in you.
"Natalie, you’ll attend Adrian and my engagement party early next month, right?” Hailey asked coyly before she continued to say, “Adrian promised to give the most lavish engagement party, so the preparation time is a bit longer. Look, this is the engagement ring he got me. It’s designed by a designer from Milan whom I really like!”

Hailey extended her left hand, revealing a dazzling seven-carat diamond ring on her ring finger. The design and the quality of the diamond were top-notch.

However, compared to Natalie’s wedding ring, it was not worth mentioning.

Noah raised her chin and smirked as she said disdainfully, "Hailey, Natalie likes my brother. How can she have the heart to attend your engagement party with my brother? Moreover, what if she cries at the party? That’d be such a downer!”

Meanwhile, the other models began to congratulate Hailey. During the audition, they had already heard about the juicy gossip; Hailey and Adrian were madly in love while Natalie was abandoned.

"Hailey, you’re so lucky!"

"Congratulations, Hailey! I wish you and Adrian a hundred years of happiness in advance!"

All of a sudden, one of the models said, “Natalie, your name is Natalie, right? To be honest, it’s one thing to get your way by sleeping with the judges, but being a third party in someone else’s relationship is just going too far. You should leave the couple alone. Don’t embarrass yourself.”

With this, the others began to chime in one after another, criticizing Natalie with words as such as swords.

"That's right. Hailey and Adrian are about to get engaged. You shouldn’t harbor any delusions.”

One of the models laughed. “Previously, during the audition, you said that you weren’t interested in Adrian. As it turns out, it’s just a case of sour grapes!”

Meanwhile, Natalie felt like these people were mentally ill. Why did they all think she was in love with Adrian?

All of a sudden, a cold and domineering female voice suddenly said, “What sour grapes? Who said that?”
Based on the tone of that voice alone, one could sense the superior air of the speaker.

Upon hearing the voice, Natalie called out delightedly, “Jane!”

Jane wore a long and fitted black dress today with a pair of Grecian high heels. Her height of 1.7 meters was not outstanding among the female modes, but her aura was extraordinary, just like a queen.

Meanwhile, the model who had spoken earlier did not dare to speak again.

"Jane, what are you doing here? I thought we were meeting tonight?” Natalie asked. She had made plans to have dinner with Jane after the car exhibition was over. She also planned to explain more about her marriage later and apologize for not saying anything until now.

"I’m not going to let your ex-boyfriend’s sister and current girlfriend bully you,” Jane said as she held Natalie’s hand.

Hailey’s face turned pale, and she stood up immediately, saying, “Jane, please watch your words!”

Vivian was in the midst of drawing Hailey’s eyebrows, and the sudden movement caused the eyebrow pencil to slip down to Hailey’s cheek.

Hailey yelped in pain before she turned to glare at Vivian fiercely.

Vivian scoffed inwardly at how two-faced Hailey was.

Jane’s beautiful eyes swept past everyone as she twirled a strand of hair. Then, she said with a smile, “Did I say something wrong? When your boyfriend was pursuing Natalie in Sense Academy, everyone knew about it. Just ask around, and you’ll be able to find out the truth.”

Jane clapped her hands twice as she continued to say, “The truth is that Miss Watson is the third party, but she has the audacity to insult others.”

At this moment, someone could not help but burst into laughter before quickly covering their mouth.

At the same time, people began to whisper about Jane.

"Who is this woman? She dares to insult the young miss of the Watson family…”

At the same time, someone said, “I heard from a friend in Sense Academy that the young master of the Harrington family was pursuing the academy’s top beauty. Could it have been Adrian and Natalie?”

Noah lost her temper. She pointed at Jane and scolded furiously, “Jane, what nonsense are you spouting? My brother was just bewitched by that vixen, Natalie, at that time! Do you think you’re still the young miss of the Watkins family from three years ago? You’re nothing but a poor woman who has lost everything! How dare you insult our Harrington family! You better shut your mouth!”

Natalie had always had a good temper, and she was not like her fiery and stubborn best friend, Jane. In the past, among the three friends, Flora was aloof, and Jane was feisty; as such, Natalie was the easiest to get along with. She usually did not pay attention when others insulted her. However, insulting her and insulting her best friend were two different matters.

At this time, a loud smack echoed in the room.

Everyone stared at Natalie, the cause of the noise, in shock. They could not believe that she had just slapped someone.

Natalie said to Noah, “Apologize to Jane now!”

“Noah!”

Hailey rushed to Noah’s side immediately, saying, “Oh, no! It’s swelling up!”

Immediately after that, Hailey discreetly sent a text message.

At this time, Noah finally reacted, screaming, “How dare you hit me, you little sl*t!”

Noah raised her hand, intending to return the slap. However, just as her hand was about to strike, Jane stopped her, saying, “You should be glad that Natalie acted first. If I had been the one to slap you, you’d be lying on the ground right now.”

Meanwhile, realization finally dawned on the others after they heard Noah’s earlier words.eard Noah’s earlier words.

“So she’s Jane!”

“I can’t believe I met Jane!”

In the past, Jane was a top socialite in Paykston. Apart from beauty and family background, she was also outstanding in other aspects, rivaling men.

Meanwhile, a man appeared at this moment.

As soon as Noah saw the man, she ran toward the man and held the man’s arm as she complained like a brat, “Brother! You’re finally here! Natalie and that witch, Jane, bullied me! Natalie even slapped me! Look at my face, it hurts! Mom and Dad have never hit me before, but Natalie actually dared to hit me! Brother, you must do something about this!”

With such a huge commotion, it was not surprising that everyone in the room had stopped working and were quietly watching the drama unfold.

Jane stepped forward, shielding Natalie behind her. Then, she waved at Adrian as she said nonchalantly, “Long time no see, Adrian.”

Adrian looked at his sister’s face. The handprint on her face was very obvious, and her face was already showing signs of swelling. His sister had always been spoiled at home; how could she have been hit before? To think that Natalie actually hit his sister today.

"Natalie, Noah is my sister. How can you resort to violence? Couldn’t you have talked it out properly?
Are you… Are you taking out your anger on Noah because of me? Apologize to Noah, and I’ll let this matter go.”

Adrian did not know why he had a hard time getting angry with Natalie. Even after she hit his sister, he could not get angry at her at all. Moreover, he felt a hint of happiness when he thought about how she might have hit his sister because of him.

“Adrian, I think I’ve already made it clear that I’m not interested in you,” Natalie said as she wondered inwardly, ‘Why didn’t I realize how shameless this man was before?’
###Chapter 62 The Situation Changed in Her Favor
"As for the reason I slapped your sister, she disrespected Jane. The Harrington family is a prestigious family after all. If word of your sister’s terrible behavior gets out, I’m sure that only the Harrington will be embarrassed, not us,” Natalie said.

Jane looked at Adrian and chimed in with a smile, “Adrian, don’t you think you’re crossing the line a little? Natalie has no relationship whatever with you now. Noah is your sister, not hers.”

Adrian’s expression soured immediately when Jane reminded him that Natalie was no longer his girlfriend.
At this moment, Hailey quickly added fuel to the fire, saying, “Adrian, look at Noah’s face…”

Adrian’s expression turned icy as he said, “Miss Watson, you refused to apologize after assaulting my younger sister, so I have no choice but to involve the police!”

‘Since Natalie refuses to back then, she can’t blame me for being rude…’

Suddenly…

“Tsk, tsk, involving the police just because of a slap. No wonder the police in Paykston are you so busy!”

"Issac?"

Isaac walked in at this moment with his hands in his pockets. He was accompanied by a blond-and-blue-eyed man.

The employees of RK Media quickly stood up to greet Isaac, afraid that he would reprimand them for not doing anything. Fortunately, it did not seem like he was going to reprimand them at all.

“Isaac, no matter what, Natalie used violence against my sister,” Adrian said. However, he was rather polite to Isaac. After all, RK Group was a multinational corporation that was even more powerful than the Windsor Group.

Meanwhile, Noah looked at Isaac with a pitiful expression as she moved her face closer to Isaac so he could have a look, saying, “Isaac, look at my face. It hurts so much.”

Isaac took a step back. He had no interest in looking at Noah’s swollen face. Then, he smiled and Adrian and said, “Adrian, Natalie is our main model today. She plays an important role in the car exhibition today. I hope that you’ll at least wait until the end of the exhibition before you do anything.”

After a beat, Isaac added, “However, to be honest, as a man, don’t you think it’s inappropriate for you to get involved in matters between women?”

Clearly, what Isaac meant was that Adrian should let this matter go.

Adrian gritted his teeth as he recalled the scene after the audition. He remembered how intimate Natalie had been with that ‘Mr. Windsor’. ‘Mr. Windsor’ clearly had a good relationship with Isaac, and Isaac was clearly speaking up for Natalie now for Mr. Windsor’s sake.
Isaac did not wait for Adrian’s response. Instead, he looked at the man behind him and said, “Arvin, please help Natalie with her styling.”

Upon hearing this, one of the models exclaimed, “Arvin?! He’s the chief beauty stylist for RK Media!”

Arvin was an internationally renowned beauty stylist. In the past, not all of the international models at Scene A had Arvin to style them. Unexpectedly, he came to style Natalie today.

Everyone looked at Natalie, and their eyes were filled with envy, jealousy, shock, and various other emotions.

Hailey, in particular, was consumed by jealousy. At the same time, she felt that inviting Vivian here now was like a joke. She clenched her hands tightly, trying to control her emotions as she asked, “Isaac, I thought Arvin only works for international stars of RK Media?”

Instead of Isaac, Arvin replied, “Under normal circumstances, yes. However, today is an exception.”

Arvin did not seem dissatisfied that he was assigned to work with an unknown model like Natalie. Instead, he looked at Natalie’s face and gushed, “Wow! Your face is spectacular! I really like you!”

Upon hearing this, Isaac reminded Arvin in a low voice, "Are you trying to get yourself killed by saying such words?”

“Oops!”

Arvin covered his mouth in an exaggerated manner as he looked around nervously, as though he was worried that someone was watching him. Then, he gestured to Natalie and said politely, “Natalie, please take a seat here.”

Natalie looked at Isaac, puzzled. She had naturally heard of Arvin, and she knew how influential the other party was in the fashion industry. Ten Vivians could not even compare to half an Arvin. She could not figure out why Arvin was assigned to her.

Isaac did not explain and only instructed the person in charge to continue with getting the models ready.

Seeing this, Natalie did not ask any further and only thanked Isaac.

“You’re welcome,” Isaac said with a smile.

It did not cross Natalie’s mind at all that this matter was related to Oliver, let alone the fact that Oliver was the one who sent Arvin to her. After all, she only knew that Isaac was in charge of RK Media. If it was not Isaac, who else could it be?

At the same time, Noah was crying, pleading with Adrian to avenge her.

Adrian had already been in a bad mood since Isaac arrived, and he grew even more annoyed with Noah’s pestering. He said impatiently, “Enough! Just drop this matter, and don’t bring it up again!”

"Brother!"

Noah was in disbelief. She could not believe that her brother, who usually spoiled her, would refuse to help her.

“I’ll have the driver send you home,” Adrian said. He did not have any patience left for Noah at this moment; his mind was filled with Natalie.

In fact, after learning that Natalie obtained the position of the main model, Adrian deliberately hired Vivian for Hailey. It was partly for Hailey, but mostly, it was to provoke Natalie. He hoped to see her jealous and regretful. Unexpectedly, Isaac invited Arvin, who was far superior to Vivian. This was like a slap to his face!

For some reason, Adrian had a feeling that it was Isaac’s idea to invite Arvin. It felt like it had something to do with that ‘Mr. Windsor’.

Meanwhile, Noah, who was extremely vain, also had no intention of staying here with a swollen face. She glared at Natalie and Jane fiercely for a moment before she left in a huff.

Hailey was seething with anger, but there was nothing she could do to vent her anger. She was accustomed to using others to do her dirty deeds while she maintained a gentle and virtuous image. Now that she had lost her pawn, Noah, she was helpless.

With this, order finally returned to the room.

Arvin styled Natalie while Vivian styled Hailey.

As for the others, they had to wait in line for the ten beauty stylists who had been hired by the company.

Jane sat at the side and observed Natalie.

At the same time, while Arvin did Natalie’s hair, he said, “Natalie, I have to say, among the girls I’ve worked with, you have the best skin!”

Arvin was not arrogant and bad-tempered like the rumors said. Instead, Natalie found him to be very friendly, just like Isaac.

Just as Natalie was about to thank Arvin, he said something that caught her off guard.

“You have very nice lips as well. I bet it’ll feel great to kiss you!”

Apart from shock, a hint of vigilance could be seen on Natalie’s face as she looked at Arvin.

Arvin seemed to realize his mistake and quickly corrected himself, “No, don’t get me wrong. I meant to say that your husband must be very lucky!”
###Chapter 63 Stealing the Limelight
Arvin was being honest. He would not have any thoughts about the woman in front of him even if she was beautiful. After all, he was very young and did not have a death wish.

Natalie blushed immediately. She thought of Oliver, her husband and also the only man she had ever kissed.

…

After Arvin was done, he could not help but exclaim, “You’re truly beautiful!”

Upon hearing this, many of the models and beauty stylists turned to have a look. All of them looked amazed when they saw Natalie.

Natalie looked ethereal in a white dress. Her long hair was loosely curled, adorned with white baby’s breath. In contrast, her makeup was a little stronger.

Arvin was very skilled in creating refreshing looks by using contrasting styles.

“If the dress isn’t so conservative, you’ll look even more stunning,” Jane said. With her background in fashion photography, she naturally had a good eye for these things.

Arvin pouted and nodded in agreement inwardly. After all, he knew that Natalie’s original outfit was a sexy leather outfit. Alas, the evil and domineering boss changed it.

At this time, Vivian was also done with Hailey.

Hailey wore a sapphire off-the-shoulder dress. Her hair was tied up high, and her makeup was exquisite. If it were not for Natalie serving as a comparison, she would have definitely been the most eye-catching one today.

‘It’s only because she has Arvin!’ Hailey thought to herself as she glared at Vivian, blaming Vivian’s lack of skills and fake reputation.

Vivian was a rising star in the industry, only recently rising to the top in the country. It was only natural that she could not compare to Arvin. She was not bothered by Hailey’s attitude. After all, she had dealt with many women like Hailey after all.

Moreover, in Vivian’s opinion, it did not make much of a difference who styled Natalie. Due to Natalie’s natural beauty, the results would still be the same. While she was working on Hailey earlier, she had been comparing Hailey to Natalie. She had to admit that Hailey was inferior to Natalie.

At this moment, Hailey wrapped her arms around Adrian’s waist and asked, “Adrian, do you think Natalie is more beautiful than me?”

Adrian had to forcefully shift his gaze away from the dazzling Natalie before he replied, “Of course not, Hailey. In my heart, you’re the most beautiful.”

Hailey placed one hand on Adrian’s chest and said nervously, “However, Natalie will definitely steal all the limelight today. After all, she’s the main model, and her makeup and hair are done so beautifully…”

Adrian had a lot of experience with women, after all. As such, he quickly understood Hailey’s meaning. He said reassuringly, “Don’t worry. As my girlfriend, you naturally deserve all the limelight. So what if she’s the main model? As long as the car you model with has the most sales, the limelight will naturally fall on you…”

Now that Hailey had achieved her goal, she happily kissed Adrian on the lips.

“Thank you, Adrian! I love you!”

…

Meanwhile, after leaving the dressing room for Scene B, Isaac turned a corner and entered the adjacent VIP lounge.

Isaac casually sat on the couch and said, “Oliver, I’ve already done my part. However, I really don’t understand. You specially flew Arvin back from France for your wife, but why are you hiding it for her?”

Isaac did not think that Oliver was one to do thankless jobs.

At this time, Oliver was watching the live footage from the surveillance cameras in Scene B’s dressing room. He looked up at Isaac and only said, “Don’t ask too many questions.”

‘That woman is ungrateful anyway. What’s the point of telling her? It’s not like she’ll thank me.’

“Fine, fine,” Isaac said. However, he was still very curious about what Oliver was thinking.

‘At this rate, it’ll be difficult for you to chase your wife!’

…

Jane did not leave. She claimed she was going to ‘settle accounts’ with Natalie for hiding things from her, but she naturally had no intention of doing such a thing. She only came to support Natalie.

…

When the car exhibition was about to start, the models went to their assigned areas.

Natalie was assigned a powerful and fierce Hummer. Her ethereal dress contrasted greatly with the Hummer. It would have been more fitting if she had worn the black leather outfit.

Hailey smiled contemptuously as she looked at Natalie.

‘Let’s see how she’s going to steal the show this time!’

The other models of Scene B were also looking at Natalie, hoping to watch her performance.

Natalie walked around the Hummer with large and imposing tires. She leaned on the hood that only reached her waist, crossing her legs underneath her white dress. With one hand placed on the hood, she tilted her body slightly. She looked like an elf sitting on the military green Hummer. The discordance between the Hummer and her style was surprisingly refreshing.
“Wow, I didn’t expect her outfit to go so well with the car in the end!”

"I agree. In the end, I think her looks suit the car. Initially, I thought it’d be over for her!”

"It looks really good! This is the first time I’d seen such a style paired with a Hummer!”S

Scene B’s models were mostly second or third-tier models. At the very least, they had to be in the third tier. As such, most of them were also quite experienced. They had been to several car exhibitions, but this was their first time seeing a model taking the ethereal and gentle route instead of the usual sexy route.

Meanwhile, Hailey bit her lip and remained silent. She glanced at the car she was assigned: a red Audi coupe. She could not think of new and creative ways to pose, so she could only use conventional poses. The more she thought about it, the angrier she became.

When guests and members of the media finally arrived, almost everyone’s attention was drawn to Natalie. Some of them were looking at the car, but most of them were looking at Natalie. Quite a few of them even brought their phones out and took pictures of her.

The members of the media also spent a long time in front of Natalie, taking photos from various angles. It was hard to tell if they were taking photos of the car or her.

The car assigned to Hailey was not particularly outstanding, and its pre-event publicity was also average. Only a few people stopped to look, and there was only one media outlet, which was sent by G Entertainment, taking photos of her.

Hailey’s expression was very stiff at this moment, and she found it very difficult to smile as she thought it herself, ‘Natalie and the others must be secretly laughing at me!’

After a while, Hailey finally found the person she had been waiting for.

"I want thirty of this car.”

Adrian’s voice was not low when he spoke to the employee next to him. The volume of his voice and his unusual order of thirty cars immediately attracted the attention of the people near him.

With the Harrington family, it was nothing to buy thirty Audi coupes. Moreover, they could be used as company cars. This meant that Adrian could claim the expenses from the company later on. He had already thought it through before this.

At this time, a reporter recognized Adrian.

“Adrian, right? It’s nice to meet you!”

"Hi."

Many people came to greet Adrian, and it did not take long before a small crowd formed in front of the Audi coupe.
###Chapter 64 Taking the Spotlight
A curious reporter asked, “Why did you suddenly buy so many cars? Moreover, they’re the same model.”

Adrian looked at Hailey tenderly and said with a smile, “To support my fiancée!”

The crowd laughed.

At this time, someone with a keen eye noticed the ring on Hailey’s left ring finger and asked, “Oh, is that an engagement ring? Adrian, you really love Hailey!”

"Adrian, are you showing off your love?"

"Congratulations! Congratulations to both of you!"

"The future Mrs. Harrington is so beautiful! Both of you are a match made in heaven!”

"Hailey, you’re really the envy of all women for having such a loving boyfriend!”

All the models wore a name tag, so in just a moment, Hailey’s name spread through the entire place. Members of the media also began posting about it on social media.

Hailey’s smile grew wider and wider when she saw that the crowd around the Hummer had grown smaller and smaller. She pretended to casually glance at Natalie, but she could not hide the arrogance in her eyes at all.

Adrian also looked at Natalie several times with a proud expression on his face.

On the other hand, Natalie only found it amusing, thinking to herself, ‘Those two are really ridiculous. Do they really think I’ll be bothered by this?‘
Natalie was completely unaware that her beloved husband had plans of his own.

After a while, a commotion suddenly broke out near the entrance of the venue.

Several well-dressed individuals surrounded a man, surrounding him like the stars that surrounded the moon.

The man was tall, taller than most of the men in the venue. He was extremely handsome, and his expression was aloof. His noble temperament was like that of a king.

The person in charge of the car exhibition personally accompanied the man, explaining diligently, “Sir, Scene B has thirty cars, among which…”

Natalie was stunned.

‘Why is Oliver here?’

Before Natalie could figure it out, Oliver stopped less than a meter away from her. She was sitting on the Hummer, but she was still not as tall as him. As such, she could only look up at him. Even with the distance between them, she could feel his overwhelming and domineering aura.

Since Oliver arrived, the entire place quieted down; only hushed voices could be heard, discussing the identity of the handsome man and why the person in charge of the car exhibition personally accompanied him.

The person in charge thought Oliver was interested in the Hummer, so he quickly said, “Sir, this Hummer is the best car in Scene B. It’s…”

Oliver ignored the inquisitive gazes directed at him and strode forward, approaching Natalie.

Natalie held her breath and stared at Oliver unblinkingly as he approached her. He was also looking at her, and his gaze was as profound as ever. She felt extremely nervous, wondering what he would say or do.

Oliver placed his hand on the hood; his slender fingers gently caressed the Hummer as he said, “This car is not bad.”

"Sir, you have a great eye!" the person in charge said, filled with praise, "This is the latest model..."

Oliver bypassed Natalie and circled the car, seemingly serious as he inspected the car.
Natalie knew very well that Oliver did not care much about the Hummer. He already had so many cars at home. Moreover, his Maybach was much suited to his lifestyle and preferences.

At this time, the attention of the people at the venue had already shifted from Hailey’s Audi to Natalie’s Hummer.

Natalie was still trying to figure out Oliver’s intention when she heard him say in a low voice, “I’ll take 31 of this car.”

In fact, the person in charge did not know who Oliver was; he only knew that Isaac respected Oliver. He stared at Oliver incredulously as he asked, “Sorry? Sir, you are sure you want 31 of this car?”

"Must I repeat myself?” Oliver asked with a hint of impatience.

"No, no, no! I’ll get someone to make the arrangements immediately!”

The person in charge smiled so widely that his eyes almost could not be seen. With this order, his bonus this month would increase several times.

Oliver’s actions stirred up a commotion immediately.

Natalie, who was sitting on the hood of the car, could clearly see the media frenzy. Lights kept flashing as people took photos of her and the car.

In fact, Adrian’s purchase of 30 Audi coupes was really shocking, but it paled in comparison to Oliver. After all, 31 Hummers could buy almost 100 Audi coupes. This was a true display of wealth.

Both Hailey and Adrian looked as though they had eaten flies, and they tacitly avoided looking at each other.

For Hailey, she was afraid that she could not feign love and admiration when she looked at Adrian, so she thought it was better to avoid the prideful man’s eyes.

As for Adrian, he was just too immersed in his frustration. After all, he had spent so much money but was still slapped in the face.

‘He deliberately bought 31 cars!’

Adrian could not hide the anger in his eyes at all as he glared at Oliver.

However, Oliver completely ignored Adrian’s existence, not even sparing the latter a glance.

At this time, the person in charge asked, “Sir, would you like to see the other cars?”

"No need," Oliver replied curtly. His gaze lingered on Natalie for an extra second before he turned around and left the venue.

No one noticed anything strange, but Natalie could clearly see the intensity and darkness of Oliver’s gaze.

‘What did I do to anger him again? I don’t think I did anything wrong, right? I didn’t even say anything!‘

In fact, the instant Oliver saw Natalie, he immediately regretted his decision to fly Arvin back to style Natalie. He could clearly see that everyone was staring at Natalie.

….

The autumn car exhibition came to an end perfectly.

The sales today were extremely good, and the person in charge was naturally ecstatic. He invited the employees, including the models, to a dinner.

All of a sudden…

“What happened?!”

Everyone had left at this time, leaving only the employees and the models. As such, the person’s voice was extremely loud.

The person who had spoken pointed at the Hummer and asked, “H-How did the car end up like this?!”

Everyone turned to look in unison and saw several deep scratches on the Hummer.
###Chapter 65 Tricks and Retaliation
Hailey frowned. She looked worried as she asked hesitantly, “Natalie, was it your carelessness that caused this?”

Everyone turned to look at Natalie.

The Hummer was assigned to Natalie, and she had been sitting on the hood the entire afternoon. It was not impossible for her to accidentally scratch the car. Being careless and accidentally damaging the car reflected her lack of professionalism, and it would definitely be a stain on her modeling career if word of it spread.

The smile on the person in charge’s face vanished immediately. He asked reproachfully, “What on earth happened, Natalie? Since you damaged the car, you must take responsibility and compensate for it!”

Hailey said sympathetically, “Natalie, it’ll cost a lot to repair the car. Do you have the means to pay for it? Do you need me to lend you some money?”

After everyone finished talking, Natalie asked calmly, “So I’m supposed to admit that I scratched the car?”

A model scoffed. “Who else could it be but you?”

As though she had just made a big discovery, Hailey said, “Natalie, I just noticed the gems on your waists. Perhaps the gems scratched the car when you were sitting on it.”

Natalie lowered her head to have a look. Indeed, there was flaky green paint on the edges of the gems that suspiciously resembled the paint of the Hummer. However, the gems were in front of the dress, not at the back. How could she have scratched the car while sitting down?

Natalie recalled that after the exhibition ended, and she got off the Hummer, many people, including Hailey, had gone to look at the Hummer. Just about ten minutes ago, Hailey suddenly walked past her and touched her from behind.

The puzzles fell into place for Natalie immediately. She looked up, and as expected, she saw the gloating expression on Hailey’s face.

The person in charge scolded loudly, “The evidence is conclusive, and you’re still trying to deny it!”

"Natalie, as a model, you should be professional. Look at you. If you know you’re careless, you shouldn’t have sat on the car today,” Hailey said with a sigh.


A few unknown models chimed in in agreement.

"That’s right. Moreover, she has no awareness as a model at all. Sitting on the car just blocks the views of others trying to look at the car.”

“She thinks she’s creative, but she’s clearly just a newcomer who knows nothing!”

"Perhaps if she didn’t sit on the car, the sales of the Hummer would’ve been higher!”

The person in charge seemed to agree as well, and his gaze grew even more hostile as he said, “I really don’t understand why those judges chose you. Don’t try to deny this. Otherwise, I’ll make sure everyone in the industry knows about this!”

If word of this spread, Natalie’s career would indeed suffer a blow.

Hailey looked at Natalie gloatingly.

Suddenly…

"I thought there was a celebratory dinner. Why haven’t you left yet?”

Isaac ‘coincidentally’ appeared at this time. When he noticed the commotion, he came over to have a look. Next to him was Oliver, who had ordered 31 Hummers.

One of the head of RK Media while the other was a wealthy customer. With this, the person in charge’s sour expression vanished immediately, replaced by a smile as he explained the situation.

"Did you scratch the car?" Oliver asked Natalie. Although he sounded cold, his voice was pleasing to the ears.

Natalie was about to deny it when Oliver pointed at the display car and said, “I’ll buy this one as well.”

‘Huh?’

Everyone, including Natalie, was dumbfounded.

When Natalie regained her senses, she felt it was necessary to stop Oliver’s extravagant behavior. She quickly said, “Isaac, Mr. Windsor, I really didn’t scratch the car. I can prove it!”

The person in charge’s expression soured again when he heard Natalie’s voice. He asked mockingly, “What proof do you have?”

Natalie removed the detachable gems on her waist and looked at it for a moment before she showed it to everyone.

“Please have a look, everyone. Look at this gem here. Although it’s faint, you can see traces of glue on it. Moreover, look at this gem properly, it clearly doesn’t match the other gems.”

“Hmm, she’s right…”

Then, Natalie looked at Hailey and intentionally exclaimed, “Oh, Hailey, your hairpin seems to be missing a gem!”

Hailey’s expression changed slightly. However, she forced herself to calm down as she touched the hairpin on her head and said in confusion, “It’s missing? When? I didn’t touch it since my beauty stylist put it on for me.”

There were four diamonds on Hailey’s hairpin, and she had prepared it herself. Just as Natalie had pointed out, she was indeed one diamond at the end.

‘How did Natalie notice it?’

While everyone looked on suspiciously, Natalie approached Hailey and stuck the diamond in her hand back on the hairpin before saying, “Look, it fits perfectly.”

Looking at Hailey’s expression that was about to crack, Natalie continued to say, “The diamond matches the other diamonds…”

Isaac smiled mischievously as he nodded in agreement. “Indeed. What a coincidence…”

Then, Isaac glanced at Oliver, who was still expressionless. It was as though Natalie, who was almost framed, had nothing to do with him.

With this, anyone with a brain could guess what was going on.

Hailey quickly waved her hands. As tears welled up in her eyes, she feigned an innocent expression and said, “It wasn’t me! I don’t know how this happened!”

Hailey’s pitiful and delicate appearance immediately made many male employees pity her.

Following that, Hailey quickly called Adrian to come over, telling him that something had happened.

It did not take long for Adrian to arrive.

“What’s wrong, Hailey?”

Hailey threw herself into Adrian’s arms, crying. “Adrian, the Hummer is scratched. Natalie… Natalie said that I did it!”

Adrian was already in a foul mood after he was outdone by Oliver earlier. He naturally would not give up on a chance to vent his anger. He said, “Natalie, were your blessings for me and Hailey fake? If you have any dissatisfaction, just say it directly! Why must you use this dirty means? This only makes me disgusted with you!”
###Chapter 66 Helping Her Vent
Adrian immediately shifted all the blame to Natalie, standing up for Hailey.

Isaac could not help but roll his eyes at Adrian. At the same time, he noticed Oliver looking at Adrian coldly and mockingly.

Natalie laughed. “Hailey, did I explicitly say that it was you? Why are you eager to assume that it was you? Also, Adrian, shouldn’t you understand the situation first before you speak?”

Natalie knew the evidence in her hand was not enough.

Hailey pretended to play the victim again, saying, “Adrian, look at how speaks to me.”

However, Adrian did not respond to Hailey. Instead, he said magnanimously, “Natalie, I won’t pursue the matter today, and I’ll cover the cost of repairing the car for you.”

At this time, Oliver, who had been silent all this time, laughed.

The laugh sent shivers down everyone’s spines.

Adrian looked at Oliver. He had noticed Oliver as soon as he arrived. After all, with such an outstanding appearance and temperament, it was difficult not to notice Oliver.

Oliver stood with one hand in his pocket. He was taller than Adrian. Just by standing, he already made Adrian look inferior. At this time, he looked at Natalie and said domineeringly, “You, come here.”
Everyone watched in silence. They could tell Oliver was not someone to be messed with, and they wondered if Natalie was about to get in trouble.

"Mr. Windsor?"

Natalie walked over, confused.

Oliver grabbed a hammer from the tool rack near him and handed it to Natalie before he said, “Take this.”

Natalie accepted it, bewildered.

Then, Oliver gestured at the Hummer with his chin and said, “Go and smash it.”

"What?!"

Natalie was shocked.

Everyone looked at Oliver as though he was crazy.

Isaac was the only calm one. He said, “Natalie, if he tells you to smash it, then smash it.”

The entire place was silent. No one dared to speak.

The hammer was not light. Natalie closed her eyes and swung her arm, hitting the hammer on the hood of the Hummer. However, the car was of such good quality that there was only a small dent.

To everyone’s ears, the sound of Natalie smashing the Hummer was the sound of money being thrown away.

Adrian frowned. He could not hold back any longer and asked unhappily, “Mr. Windsor, what exactly are you trying to do?”

Oliver ignored Adrian and moved to stand behind Natalie. Then, he held her hand holding the hammer before he guided her and brought the hammer down.

The two people’s arms were tightly pressed together, complementing each other perfectly. The man was extremely handsome, and the woman was extremely beautiful.

Three loud bangs rang out consecutively.

Natalie felt that her hand had gone numb from the force of the recoil.

Oliver was much stronger than Natalie. With his help, he managed to deal considerable damage to the hood of the Hummers with just three strikes.

"Mr. Windsor, are you deliberately making things difficult for me?”

Adrian’s eyelids twitched. After all, fixing the car now would cost much more than before.

Oliver raised an eyebrow and sneered. “Who are you for me to make things difficult for you?”

When Oliver was about to withdraw his hand, he noticed that Natalie’s arm had lost its strength. He took the hammer from her and quickly threw it to the side. Then, he said casually, “Since I told her to smash it, I’ll naturally take responsibility for the car.”

Upon hearing this, the person in charge said, looking somewhat embarrassed, “Adrian, in fact, this gentleman said that he was going to buy this car before you arrived.”

Adrian could no longer hide his frustrations. He felt that the other party was deliberately targeting him. He said mockingly, “You’re going to buy a broken car?”

“Yes,” Oliver said arrogantly as he raised his chin. Then, he looked at Natalie before he continued, “I bought it for her to vent.”

Natalie looked at Oliver, stunned.

Adrian was annoyed by Oliver’s previous actions, but Oliver’s words now filled him with a sense of betrayal and anger. He questioned, “Natalie, are you really having an affair with him?”

Natalie stood next to Oliver and said, “I’m not your girlfriend, Adrian. It’s none of your business whether I’m having an affair or not. You should just take care of Hailey.”

Isaac had watched enough of the show, and he was getting hungry. Hence, he said, “Alright, that’s enough.”

After a beat, Isaac continued to say, “Adrian, Hailey, why is it that every time I see you, you’re bullying Natalie? I really don’t know what ulterior motives you have…”

"What ulterior motives could I have?!" Adrian quickly glanced at Natalie.

“How would I know what goes on in your mind?” Isaac retorted with a shrug.

“In any case, I was wrong for jumping to conclusions earlier,” Adrian said. He knew that he had to take a step back now. After all, it was true that he had ulterior motives and still had hopes for Natalie. However, he could not say anything more in front of Oliver.

“Alright, alright, this matter is over,” the person in charge said, trying to end the matter as soon as possible before it escalated.

Isaac clicked his tongue, wondering why the company put such an inept fool in charge of the autumn car exhibition.

Hailey was dissatisfied with the outcome. She looked at Natalie and pretended to advise, “Natalie, be careful during work from now on. After all, you may not be so lucky next time to have this gentleman clean up your mess for you.”

”I didn’t scratch the car,” Natalie said.

Initially, Natalie was going to let the matter go. After all, Isaac had spoken. He was responsible for the car exhibition, and she did not want to make things more troublesome. However, she did not expect Hailey to add fuel to the fire again at this moment. If she remained silent now, people would assume that it was her fault.

“Hailey, may I ask what’s the green mark on your ring?” Natalie asked.

Hailey’s face paled immediately when she realized that she had worn her ring while she scratched the car earlier.

Unlike everyone, Oliver’s focus was on a different matter when he heard Natalie’s words. He looked at Natalie’s unadorned fingers, and his expression darkened.

‘No wonder something felt different when I held her hands earlier…’

“This… I…” Hailey stammered, panicking. She instinctively moved to remove her diamond ring, but she froze when she saw Adrian looking at her in shock.
###Chapter 67 He Spent 200 Million on Her
"Hailey, what's going on?" Adrian asked, almost shouting.

“Adrian, don’t misunderstand. I wasn’t trying to take off the ring. I promised to marry you after all, and I’ll wear it for the rest of my life. Please don’t be angry,” Hailey said forcing a smile on her face as she tried to remain calm."

“I’m not talking about that! What happened with the car?” Adrian asked, practically yelling. When he thought about how he had wrongly accused Natalie and defended Hailey earlier, he felt like a fool.

“I… I really don’t know,” Hailey said, shaking her head as her eyes darted around, “Perhaps I accidentally scratched it when I walked past it earlier…. Oh, wait, I tripped earlier because of my high heels! I must have intentionally scratched the car at that time!”

The green paint on the ring was undeniable proof, and Hailey could no longer deny it. She knew that she had to admit that she scratched the car. However, she absolutely could not admit to framing Natalie.

"Hailey, as a professional model, your actions are really unprofessional,” Natalie said nonchalantly, “Moreover, when people trip, they usually support themselves with their palms. Your diamond ring…”

Natalie paused before she gestured with her hands, as though she was recreating the scene. Then, she continued to say, “The only way the green paint could have gotten on your ring was if you had deliberately scratched it.”

"Natalie, you're twisting the truth!" Hailey protested, face red with anger and embarrassment.

"That's enough!"

Adrian had had enough of this farce. After all, as the young master of the Harrington family, how could he be involved in such a ridiculous scene in front of so many people?

"Handle it yourself!" Adrian said as he glared at Hailey. Then, he left without another word.

Adrian’s attitude clearly expressed that he believed Natalie.

Anyone with a brain could also tell that Hailey had intentionally set Natalie up.

Hailey’s expression was extremely ugly. She did not even change her clothes before she chased after Adrian.

The person in charge felt extremely embarrassed. Since Isaac and Oliver, the two important figures, did not give any further instructions, he quickly told the models to change their clothes and go to Starry Hotel to for the celebration dinner.

Natalie bit her lip. She knew it was not appropriate to talk to Isaac and Oliver now, so she only nodded at them before she went to change her clothes.

After Natalie left, Isaac and Oliver walked away as well. As they walked away, Oliver glanced at Isaac.

Isaac immediately understood Oliver’s meaning and sent an email to the HR Department. The person in charge of the autumn car exhibition might have just gotten a huge bonus, but he was about to be demoted.

Once two important figures left, the remaining people began to discuss fervently among themselves.

"Rich people are so interesting!"

"Why is it that that man looked so attractive when he was smashing the car?"

"What's the relationship between that handsome guy and Isaac?"

"Is he really Natalie's sugar daddy?"

"I doubt it. That man barely even spoke to Natalie."

…

When Natalie left the venue, Jane was waiting outside for her.

Jane was stunningly beautiful with an aloof temperament. When Natalie walked towards her, she happened to see a man approaching Jane, trying to strike up a conversation. Jane, however, gave him a cold and disdainful look, and he walked away dejectedly.

“Always so beautiful and attracting attention wherever you go,” Natalie said teasingly.

“Why did you take so long to come out?” Jane asked as she reached out to hug Natalie.

After Natalie recounted what happened inside the venue, Jane rolled her eyes and said, “Hailey and Adrian are really shameless! Fortunately, you’ve broken up with him!”

"I'm glad I saw his true colors early on."

Jane looked at Natalie seriously before she asked, “Natalie, are you familiar with Mr. Windsor?”

“We just played pool once. Weren’t you there as well?” Natalie said, feeling a bit guilty. She pretended to check her messages, unable to look at Jane.

Natalie rarely lied, so Jane did not suspect anything. Since there were not many people around, she asked the question that had been lingering in her mind.

“So what’s happening with you and Oliver?”

Natalie was amused by the nosy expression on Jane’s face. She said, “I’ll just let things take their course. Right now, my priority is to earn enough money to pay for Lucas’ treatment.”

She knew she had to become famous in order to make money. With enough fame, her fee would also rise. Those international supermodels earn hundreds of thousands per show at least.

"Natalie, like I said before, I can give you that money."

"What about your brother?" Natalie asked.

Jane opened her mouth, but no words came out. However, her gaze was cold. If it was not for her recklessness, the Watkins would not be in such a state. but couldn't say anything, her eyes filled with a sense of coldness.

When the Watkins family fell overnight, some people died, and some people ended up in prison. Jane did not have many feelings for the others, but her brother was different. He fell into a coma and had to be sent out of the country for treatment.

Similar to Lucas, Natalie knew Jane’s brother’s treatment also required a lot of money. How could she bear to borrow money from Jane? Moreover, there was no end to Lucas’ treatment. The only cure was a bone marrow transplant, but finding a matching donor was a one-in-a-million chance. Even if she found a matching donor, who knew if the other party was willing?

If Jane was still the young miss of the Watkins family, Natalie would not have hesitated to accept Jane’s help. However, now, the money should only be used by Jane. It was her brother’s lifeline after all.

“Alright. Let’s not talk about this anymore. Trust me. I’ll be able to earn enough money for Lucas soon.”

"Okay."

Seeing that Jane still looked a little down, Natalie tried to distract her by saying, “Jane, in fact, Oliver and I get along quite well. Although his temper is bad, he’s not bad as the rumors say.”

‘He’s helped me and even saved me… At the very least, he’s better than Adrian.’

Jane said, suddenly changing the topic, ‘Actually, I thought that Windsor was really nice to you today. Perhaps he bought all those cars because of you.”

Jane was in the crowd earlier, and she had seen Oliver. The man was arrogant and seemed to disdain everyone. However, his gaze lingered on Natalie several times.

“Jane! He couldn’t have bought 31 Hummers because of me!”

Although 200 million meant nothing to Oliver, Natalie did not think he would spend that kind of money on her. However, she thought that perhaps the 32nd Hummer, the one he had encouraged her to smash, was for her. Perhaps he was really helping her to vent her anger.
###Chapter 68 Help
Natalie shook her head, immediately denying that terrifying thought. Rather than saying he did it for her, it was more convincing to say that he did it to anger Adrian. Based on her experience at the Windsor’s mansion, it was clear he disliked his nephew, Adrian.

…

At the Starry Hotel.

In a spacious hall in the north wing of the hotel.

The sounds of laughter and glasses clinking filled the air.

"Congratulations on the success of the autumn car exhibition!"

"Cheers!"

A few people, like Natalie, came for the food, but most people were here to network.

During the dinner, a few models sat on the laps of some executives.

One executive, Mr. Brown, approached Natalie with a drink and asked, “Are you Isaac’s woman?"

Natalie’s expression darkened, and she moved away from the man, saying, “No, I’m not.”

Mr. Brown’s smile widened immediately. “Great! Why don’t you join me? You won’t regret it.”

Mr. Brown extended his hand toward Natalie, but she quickly stood up and avoided his hand. She said, “Thank you for your offer, but my goal is to become an international supermodel. I don’t think you’ll be able to help me.”

Mr. Brown’s smile vanished immediately. “How dare you refuse me!”

Mr. Brown's voice was loud, and it quickly attracted the attention of people nearby. However, they only watched and did not step forward to help.

Perhaps the situation would be better if no one had noticed, but now, with so many people watching, Mr. Brown felt as though his dignity had been challenged. He felt that if he did not deal with Natalie, he would become a laughingstock. For this reason, he grabbed Natalie’s wrist, intending to forcibly kiss her in front of everyone.

“You’re just an unknown model with no support. What gives you the right to refuse me?”

The other models just watched, enjoying the show. Many of them envied Natalie, and now that she was being bullied, they found satisfaction in watching her suffer. Moreover, most of those without any background and support would frequently run into such a situation.

Just as Mr. Brown leaned in, Natalie suddenly said, “Who said I have no support?”

Mr. Brown hesitated, but he still said, "You're lying!"

Natalie pretended to be calm as she took out her phone and said seriously, "Sir, if you don't let go of me now, I'll call Isaac immediately."

"You're lying!" Mr. Brown snarled, revealing a set of teeth stained by smoking.

Natalie’s heart raced in her chest. After all, she was bluffing. She did not have Isaac’s number at all. She only had a few contacts on her phone, and among them, there were only a few male college mates. The only person who could help her was Oliver.

Upon seeing the nervous expression on Natalie’s face, Mr. Brown was convinced that she was only bluffing. Hence, he reached out to touch her face and said, “Alright, go ahead and call him!”

Natalie dodged his hand with an expression of disgust. At the same time, she no longer hesitated and dialed Oliver’s number.

The entire place fell silent.

"Hello."

A low and melodious rang out from the loudspeaker. Based on the voice alone, one could tell the owner of the voice was noble.

Mr. Brown froze as soon as he heard the male voice.

"Is this Isaac? It's Natalie!" Natalie said urgently, “I want to leave the celebration dinner early. Is that okay?”

Natalie held her breath, afraid that Oliver might say that he was not Isaac.

Amidst the colorful lights and loud music, Oliver walked out of the private room. He narrowed his eyes and asked, “Where are you?”

Natalie did not know why Oliver asked that. She was just grateful he did not deny that he was Isaac. She quickly gave him her location and ended the call.

“You think you can just call a man and fool me? I’ve seen through your tricks. That voice definitely doesn’t belong to Isaac!” Mr. Brown said angrily, “Moreover, Isaac has never given his personal number to a random woman!”

Mr. Brown grabbed Natalie’s phone and rudely threw it aside. He chuckled sinisterly and approached Natalie again.

Bang!

The door of the private room was kicked open from the outside.

"Isaac!" someone exclaimed in surprise.

Before Mr. Brown had a chance to look, he was kicked and sent flying, sprawling on the ground, unable to get up.

"Who the hell..." Mr. Brown was just about to curse when he looked up. He trembled immediately.

Oliver looked down at Mr. Brown with ice-cold rage as Isaac stood next to him with a frosty smile on his face.

Mr. Brown did not know Oliver, so he could only turn to look at Isaac.
###Chapter 69 Possessive
While the celebration dinner for the employees of the autumn car exhibition was going on, Isaac, the extravagant wealthy offspring, along with other young elites, were having a gathering in the VIP room in the hotel as well. Needless to say, he had invited Oliver along.

Oliver did not expect to receive a call from Natalie in the midst of the gathering. She heard him calling Isaac’s name, and he could hear the abnormal tension in her voice. In that instant, he knew that she was in trouble.

“Oli… Mr. Windsor…”

Natalie let out a sigh of relief. She felt as though all her strength had been drained from her body at this moment. She could not stand on her own for a few seconds and even had to lean on Oliver for support.

"Did he touch you?" Oliver asked in a frighteningly calm.

“N-no…”

Natalie did not know if he meant literally or what.

"Where did he touch you?" Oliver asked, clearly refusing to believe her.

“It’s nothing really…” Natalie said hesitantly, feeling ashamed. She did not dare to meet his eyes as she said, “He… just touched my face…”

Oliver sneered. “I’ve barely even touched your face yet…”

Natalie was stunned by his reaction. He was clearly very upset at this moment. She tried to get out of his arms, but he held her even tighter.

"Which hand did he touch you with?"

"Right hand."

Someone like Mr. Brown, a disgusting scumbag, deserved to be taught a lesson. It was not hard to imagine that he must have harassed many women before. However, Natalie never expected that Oliver’s way of teaching someone a lesson would be brutal, even if it was not as brutal as severing someone’s hand.

Oliver released Natalie, strode over to Mr. Brown, and effortlessly pulled the latter up with one hand. Then, he dragged the latter toward a table before he pressed the letter’s hand into a freshly served steaming bowl of soup.

A cry of pain, like pigs being slaughtered, rang in the room immediately.

Mr. Brown struggled in agony, unable to move as Oliver kicked his knee. He fell to his knees with his hand still in the big bowl of soup.

A timid woman cried out in fear before she quickly covered her mouth with her hands.

"Sir, spare me! Spare me!" Mr. Brown yelled, "Isaac! Isaac, please save me!"

Isaac shrugged. "I can't save you when my good friend wants to teach you a lesson."

‘He must have a death wish for propositioning Natalie…’

"Sir, please spare me! Please spare me! I won’t dare to be so presumptuous anymore!” Mr. Brown pleaded. Then, he turned to glare at Natalie fiercely before he continued to say, “It was her! She didn’t say that she was your woman, so I behaved in that manner! I didn’t mean any harm! Mr. Windsor!"

‘She didn’t say that she was my woman?'

Oliver glanced at Natalie before he turned his gaze back to Mr. Brown.

Natalie bit her lip, shivering slightly. Based on his look earlier, it was clear that he was upset with her again.

After about five minutes, Oliver finally let go.

Mr. Brown quickly pulled his hand away. His hands, which were fat, looked even more like pig’s trotters at this moment, swollen and greasy.

It was silent, so Mr. Brown’s cries of pain were particularly loud. He did not dare to get angry at Oliver and could only continue to plead for mercy on his knees.

Oliver glanced at his hand that touched Mr. Brown in disgust before he called out to Natalie, “Come here.”

Natalie glanced at his raised hand and guessed his meaning. "Should I fetch a towel?"

"Yes."

There was a small sterilizer in the room filled with hot sterilized towels. Natalie quickly took one and carefully wiped Oliver’s hand. His hand was much bigger than her delicate hands. She held his hand with her left and used her right hand to gently wipe it. Her movements were so gentle that it felt like she was teasing him.

Finally, Oliver took the towel away from her before he held the back of her head with his left hand and wiped her face with his right hand.

"It hurts!"

Natalie felt as though he was wiping her face with the force one would use to mop the floor.

"Don't fuss."

He paused for a moment before he continued to wipe her face thoroughly, wanting to clean the place that the pig’s trotter touched. Only he was allowed to touch her.

“It hurts. Be gentler…” Natalie said in a voice that seemed to soften Oliver’s heart. Because her eyes were closed, she did not see his eyes darken when she said these words.

“Come with me. Keep up,” Oliver said expressionlessly.

"Oh."

Natalie quickly collected her bag on the chair and hurried after Oliver. As she walked, people automatically moved out of the way for her, avoiding her like she was the plague. No one dared to get close to her at all.

When Natalie caught up to him, she said, “Oliver, thank you for helping me earlier.”

After a moment, she added, “Thank you for everything today.”

Not only did he just help, but he also helped her earlier during the car exhibition.

Oliver was trying to suppress the surging heat in his body and was not in the mood to talk to her.

“Oliver, are we going home?”

Seeing that he was ignoring her, Natalie had no choice but to obediently follow him.
###Chapter 70 Someone Actually Refused to Kiss Windsor?!
The celebration dinner was held in a hall on the first floor while the VIP room was located on the second floor, which was the entertainment area.

Loud music rang in the luxurious private room, and a few people could be seen dancing.

Upon seeing Oliver and Isaac’s return, everyone in the room stood up, showing great respect.

“Windsor, Isaac, you’re back!”

At this time, a young blond man noticed Natalie standing behind Oliver, and his eyes lit up. He said excitedly, “Oh, you brought a beautiful woman back with you! A new acquisition?“

Isaac picked up a small pillow nearby and threw it at the young man, “If you don’t want to die, shut up!”

Suddenly, Natalie felt a touch on her shoulder before she was pulled into Oliver’s arms.

"Oh, so you’re Windsor’s woman! I misspoke earlier. I’ll punish myself with a drink,” the young blond man said knowingly before he promptly downed a glass of whisky.

At the same time, the other men and women in the room also sized Natalie up.

The men thought that Natalie was stunning, but they did not have any extra thoughts. After all, they knew she was with someone they could not afford to provoke.

The women, on the other hand, felt a hint of jealousy, unhappy that Natalie had everyone’s attention.

Natalie pursed her lips. Considering how aloof Oliver was, she did not expect him to come to places like this.

Meanwhile, the wealthy young men in the room resumed their games.

“Oliver, do you want to play a game?” Isaac asked.

Oliver did not like nor dislike this kind of gathering. Everything depended on his mood. At this time, he nodded in response to Isaac’s question.

Natalie found a corner to sit in and sighed. She did not understand why he brought her here instead of letting her leave.

Not counting Natalie, most of the women here were familiar with each other. They intentionally excluded her as they surrounded the wealthy young men, serving them drinks.

Natalie brought her phone out and checked the calendar, calculating the time. Lucas would complete his round of chemotherapy in two days, and she planned to visit him at the hospital at that time.

All of a sudden, a wave of cheers erupted in the room.

"Windsor, you have to kiss someone! You can’t back out of this!”

"What about Cadence, Windsor?"

One of the young men pointed at a woman, who was clearly different from the other women. She sat with the young men like their peers, instead of serving them and flattering them like the other women. She wore a short Gucci leather skirt that revealed her legs. Even in the dim lights, one could vaguely see her exquisite and distinct features. She was undoubtedly a delicate beauty.

Cadence Aura glanced at Oliver shyly.

Although those present did not know Oliver’s identity and background, they knew that Cadence had her sights set on him.

The Aura family was a prestigious family in Paykston, on par with the Harrington family. With such a background, it was naturally not difficult for her to mingle with this group of young men as a peer.

In reality, no one expected anything from Oliver. In the past, he had always refused to engage in sort of ambiguous activities and would prefer to solve matters by drinking.

Oliver did not spare Cadence a glance at all. He looked at the card in his hand. On the card were the words: Kiss any member of the opposite sex for a minute.

"Natalie!"

Natalie suddenly heard someone call her name. When she looked up, she saw everyone looking at her. Among them, Oliver beckoned her with his hand. She had a bad feeling about this, but she still went over.

“What’s the matter, Wind…”

Natalie’s words were interrupted, and she let out a cry of surprise as she was pulled into Oliver’s warm embrace. She instinctively placed one of her hands on his chest while the other rested on his waist. When she looked up, he saw his face approaching her. At this moment, she finally recalled someone telling Oliver that he had to kiss someone.

‘H-he… Is he going to kiss me?!’

Natalie’s mind went blank, but her hand reacted faster than her brain as she reached out to cover Oliver’s lips, which were only inches away from her.

Everyone fell silent immediately. Even the few people who were singing and rapping along to the song fell silent.

Isaac covered his face with his hand, pretending like he had not just witnessed this incredibly awkward scene.

The young men looked at each other, and all of them could tell that they were thinking the same thing.

‘Did my eyes trick me? Did Windsor finally agree to kiss someone but was rejected?’

Oliver’s expression darkened immediately.

‘As expected, she doesn’t like me and finds me repulsive.’

Natalie was very close to him, and she could clearly feel the tension in his arms that were supporting her body. He seemed like he was about to lose his temper, and the pressure around him was extremely low. She quickly thought about what she had done to upset him. When realization dawned on her, she trembled slightly. She could feel his soft lips pressed against her palm.

Although this was not the first time Natalie had covered Oliver’s mouth, the situation now was completely different. Her action had undoubtedly embarrassed Oliver in front of everyone. She had made a fool out of him. Her hand stiffened, and after a moment, she tremblingly withdrew her hand. She could not meet his eyes at all.

“I’m sorry…”

Oliver did not even need to ask to know that she was unwilling.

"Get lost!"

After saying that, Oliver downed a glass of whisky.

When Natalie stood up, he had already placed the glass on the table. Then, she saw him downing another glass of whisky.

The punishment for failing the challenge on the card was to down five glasses of whisky.

“You b*tch, you should be honored that Windsor even wanted to kiss you,” Cadence said, completely regarding Natalie as her rival, “Didn’t you hear him tell you to get lost? What are you still doing here?”

Cadence naturally could not wait to drive Natalie away.

“Windsor, I’ll take my leave first,” Natalie said, ignoring Cadence.

As she spoke, Oliver drank another glass of whisky. She knew that he was furious now, so she decided against advising him to drink less, knowing that it would only further infuriate him.

At this time, the young blond man from earlier said, “Don’t be angry, Windsor. It’s not worth it to be angry over a woman. Look, isn’t Cadence good? That woman may be pretty, but she’s nothing special. You’re better off…”

Before he could finish his words, Isaac threw a pack of cigarettes at him and said, “Barrett, you’re your mouth!”

At the same time, in Wyatt’s words, Isaac muttered inwardly, ‘This fool. His words are going to get him killed!’

Barrett finally noticed Oliver’s murderous gaze, and he no longer dared to talk. He also knew that Isaac had just saved him.

When Oliver finally looked up, there was no sign of Natalie in the private room. He stood up and turned on the lights, causing everyone to cover their eyes. When he confirmed that she had really left the room, he felt a stabbing pain in his heart. 
###Chapter 71 Am I annoying?
“Oliver?” Isaac called out when he saw Oliver looking at him.

"Have someone send her home,” Oliver said with a gloomy expression.

"Alright!"

Isaac immediately stood up and went outside to give instructions. When he returned, he saw Oliver holding a cigarette in his hand, making his way out. However, after a few steps, Oliver stopped abruptly and turned to ask him with a dark expression, “Am I annoying?”

Isaac did not care about his image at this moment and shook his head vigorously, replying, “How’s that possible? There are so many women lining up to throw themselves at you!”

‘Look, is that young miss from the Aura family sitting there and waiting for you?’

Oliver’s expression did not ease as he thought to himself, ‘But Natalie isn’t one of those women…’

“By the way, where are you going?” Isaac asked. He had just arranged for someone to send Natalie home. Oliver could not possibly plan to go home as well, right?

“I’m just getting some fresh air, damn it! Stop following me,” Oliver said irritably.

In just a blink of an eye, he disappeared from everyone’s sight, striding away with his long legs.

Everyone could not figure out Oliver’s thoughts. Just a few minutes ago, he was murderous, and then, he suddenly asked Isaac to arrange for someone to send Natalie home.

Barrett grabbed his blond hair and asked with a pitiful expression, "Isaac, did I say something wrong?”

"You’ve spent too many years abroad and have become stupid, haven’t you? By the way, have you seen that woman before?” Isaac asked with a sigh, attributing Barrett’s foolishness to his young age.

Barrett shrugged and replied indifferently, “I don’t think so.”

“She’s enrolled in Sense Academy. It’s the same as you, right?”
Sense Academy was part of Sense International University, which was where Barrett was studying.

"Damn it! Windsor’s woman is still a student?! And, she’s also my schoolmate!” Barrett exclaimed in surprise.

Cadence, who was sitting at the side, scoffed and said disdainfully with a sour expression on her face, “She’s just a plaything. What’s the big deal?”

Upon hearing this, Isaac kindly advised, “Cadence, he’s a married man now. You should give up.”

Cadence sneered. “They’re just husband and wife in name. It doesn’t count.”

Since Cadence refused to listen, Isaac did not say anything more. In the past, he had also thought that Natalie was just a trophy wife, but he was proven wrong. Now it seemed more like Natalie was treating Oliver like a trophy husband.

...

When Natalie went out, she ran into an employee of Starry Hotel, who told her that they were sending models from RK Media home.
The other party was dressed in the hotel’s uniform and had an identification card. Moreover, the vehicle clearly belonged to the hotel.
For this reason, Natalie did not refuse. She thanked the other party and got into the car.

…

It was only when she arrived at Rosewood Estate that Natalie found that something was amiss. The employee did not seem surprised when she mentioned Rosewood Estate earlier, as though they had already known it. Moreover, the guards did not stop the car. After verifying the license plate, the security guards simply let them through as though they had already expected the car.

Whatever it was, she had a feeling it had something to do with Oliver.

When Liam saw Natalie sitting on the couch, lost in thought, he could not help but ask, “Young Madam, are you waiting for the young master?”

Natalie returned to her senses and shook her head, telling Liam to go to bed first.

‘Could it really be Oliver? Wasn’t he angry at me? Why would he still arrange for someone to send me home?’Could it really be Oliver?

Natalie really could not understand that unpredictable man at all.

In the end, Oliver did not return to Rosewood Estate at all.
…

The next day.

The autumn car exhibition made a huge splash on the Internet. Under normal circumstances, a car exhibition would not draw so much attention. However, this time, there were many articles regarding the car exhibition.

[The Watson Family and the Harrington Family Watson Are About to Have Good News!】
[Miss Watson and Mr. Harrington Showing Their Love at the Autumn Car Exhibition!]
[Mysterious Tycoon Bought 31 Hummers at the Autumn Car Exhibition, Dropping 200 Million IN One Go!]

[Model Stuns With Her Otherworldly Beauty!]

The number of headlines related to the autumn car exhibition’s Scene B even surpassed those of Scene A even though there were many international supermodels in Scene A.

Initially, netizens were hotly discussing Adrian and Hailey’s engagement, spurred by Noah’s confirmation on Instagram that her brother would soon hold an engagement banquet with his fiancée.
However, the attention on this matter was quickly overshadowed by news of the mysterious tycoon who bought 31 Hummers. There were also many online trolls, and some people soon noticed how Oliver bought 31 cars while Adrian bought 30. They quickly concluded that Oliver was deliberately provoking Adrian.
Natalie had a habit of browsing the Internet. After all, she was in the fashion industry and had to keep herself updated with the latest happening. She scrolled through many of the posts and did find any photos of Oliver. It seemed like he had been cropped out of every picture. Without any photos, he was only referred to as ‘the mysterious tycoon’, and this only made people even more curious.

Thanks to the sale of the 31 Hummers, Natalie also gained more fame. Many well-known accounts on Instagram posted photos of her that day, and many netizens left comments under those photos.

[I’ve never seen a car model so beautiful before! I’m a fan now! I’m going to set her picture as my wallpaper!]

[With her face, she can conquer both the fashion industry and the entertainment industry!]

[I want all information about her in three minutes!]

[Her name’s Natalie. She’s about 1.76 or 1.77 meters tall. She’s currently enrolled in Sense International Academy. She’s a rising star in the industry. However, the burning question is: How did a rookie manage to obtain the position of main model?]

This comment was clearly trying to cast doubt on Natalie. However, other netizens were not fooled.

[Even if she’s a rookie, she’s talented! People should look at the other models of Scene B for answers instead.]
[That’s right. Why are the other models, who supposedly have more experience, so mediocre?]

Both sides continued to engage in a heated battle online. At the same time, many fans also tried to look for Natalie’s Instagram account, wanting to look at more of her photos. Alas, no one found her Instagram account. After all, her Instagram account was not verified.

…

At night, Natalie received calls from several modeling agencies, asking if she was interested in signing with them.

Natalie declined all of them. She knew they were interested in signing her now not only because of her looks, but her 15 minutes of fame. In her opinion, this was not enough; she did not have chips for bargaining and negotiations now, and if she signed with them, they would eventually take advantage of this and exploit her. For this reason, she decided to wait until the finale of Top Avenue before, hoping to gain more exposure. She needed to be famous enough to negotiate with the modeling agencies.

…

Oliver did not return to Rosewood Estate for several days, and he did not even send people to pick up his meals.

Liam could only look at Natalie hesitantly and sigh.

Natalie had a hunch that Oliver was still angry, so she did not dare to mention the matter of visiting her brother for the time being.

…

The night was clear with a few stars dotting the sky.

Oliver got out of the car, reeking with the smell of alcohol. Clearly, he had drunk a lot.

"Young master," Liam called out worriedly. He knew that Oliver did not go on a business trip but had deliberately stayed outside. He did not expect Oliver to come back so drunk.

“Where’s the young madam?” Oliver asked when he saw Liam approaching with two servants.

Liam paused for a moment. After all, this was the first time Oliver had addressed Natalie as ‘young madam’.

"Young Master, she’s already gone to bed."

"Tell her to come down."
###Chapter 72 Oliver, Are You Really Drunk?
Natalie did not expect Oliver to come back in the middle of the night and to be awakened to tend to him. When she came downstairs and saw him, she felt that he was different tonight, but she could not put her fingers on what was different exactly.

Oliver stood at the entrance, leaning against the doorframe lazily. His light brown eyes were bright, surging with intense emotions, and his aura was powerful and domineering without any disguise, just like a king.

It was not until Natalie got closer and smelled the overwhelmingly strong scent of alcohol that she realized he had drunk a lot.

"Are you drunk?"

Natalie looked at him, wondering if she should support him or not.

Oliver felt slightly dizzy. He blinked slowly as he looked at the woman in front of him.
She was dressed in a sleeveless watermelon red night gown and a robe, exposing her slender neck and collarbones. Her waist and her arms were slender. There was also a hint of sweet fragrance on her body, tempting people.

If it had not been for his unexpected arrival and summon, Oliver was certain that she would have wrapped herself up tightly before coming to see him. After all, she only married him for money, despised kisses, and was afraid of others knowing about their relationship so she did not wear her wedding ring.

Oliver’s gaze darkened as he thought about these things. He leaned against her and rested his arm on her shoulders as he said, “Help me upstairs.”

Natalie stiffened when he leaned on her. She felt as though he was hugging her. She had not been so close to a man before, and with how unpredictable Oliver was after drinking, she felt a sense of danger.

“Oliver, I’ve never taken care of a drunk person before. I have no experience…”

‘Drunk?’

Oliver had never gotten drunk before in his 25 years of life. He felt he was still incredibly sober. When he felt Natalie trembling, he grasped her chin and moved closer before saying in a low and husky voice, “Natalie, you’re my wife.”

“I…”

Natalie’s eyes widened, and her breath hitched.

“You have to do your duties as a wife…”

Natalie’s face turned red, and she quickly lowered her head. She really hoped that when he spoke about duties, he was talking about her looking after him, not… the other kind of duty.

Since Oliver wanted Natalie to serve him, naturally no one dared to object.

Liam only said, “Young Madam, I’ll have to trouble you to look after Young Master.”

Natalie felt extremely aggrieved. She had not seen him for a few days now, and when she saw him again, he was in a drunken state.

Oliver was about 6 feet and 4 inches tall, and he was relatively muscular. It was not surprising that it took tremendous effort for Natalie to help him to the room, especially when they were going up the stairs. She felt as though she was carrying a huge rock.

“Oliver, can you hear me? I need you to exert some force. You’re too heavy!”

Oliver looked at Natalie panting in exhaustion. Even if his eyes were closed earlier, he could sense the rejection. He felt that he had gone crazy. Rosewood Estate was his territory, but he actually let her stay here while he stayed outside. He had been in a terrible mood over the past few days and had slept poorly.

Natalie was very careful as she climbed up the stairs, worried that she would fall. Alas, fear seemed to have invited misfortune. She let out a sharp cry when she suddenly tripped and fell backward.
Natalie carefully watched her every step on the stairs, afraid of tripping over herself.

Oliver opened his piercing eyes in the dim light and reacted quickly. He reached out and grabbed Natalie, pressing her firmly against the railing in just a blink of an eye.

It took Natalie several seconds to react after narrowly avoiding a disaster. She looked at the stairs with lingering fear. If she had fallen earlier, she would definitely have broken some bones.

She was just about to thank Oliver when she thought about how he was pretending to be drunk to make things difficult for her. She looked at him only to discover his eyes were closed as rested his head against her shoulder, close to her neck. She could feel his scorching breath on her skin.

“Oliver? Hey, Oliver! Wake up!”

Natalie nudged him twice, but there was no response. She muttered to herself, “Hey, are you really drunk? Aren’t you just pretending? Hey?”

Oliver listened to Natalie muttering to herself with his eyes closed. Her voice sounded even more soft under the cover of the night. She seemed to have become bolder now that she thought he was drunk.

Oliver felt that perhaps he had drunk a bit too much. For some reason, he found her voice extremely pleasant when she said his name. His hand brushed against her left hand and felt a ring on her ring finger.

‘She put her ring back on…’

When he realized that the corners of his lips were slowly rising, he quickly regained his poker face.

He really wanted to hear her speak again, but she remained silent.

In fact, back when they were playing pool, he had already found it extremely pleasant when she said his name.

…

When Natalie finally carried the ‘giant rock’ back to the room and was about to put him on the bed, she accidentally tripped, falling onto the bed.
In just a blink of an eye, the supposedly drunk Oliver grabbed her and caged her beneath him.

Through her thin nightgown, she could clearly sense the warmth of his body, and she did not dare to move.

Her sweet fragrance seemed to overwhelm his senses as his cheek brushed against her smooth skin, which seemed softer than the finest silk. The alcohol seemed to magnify his emotions and impulsiveness. Without a second thought, he snuggled up against her and nuzzled her.

Natalie knew that the sober Oliver would not have acted like this. His current puppy-like behavior indicated that he was truly drunk at this moment. She was about to move him away when he suddenly propped himself up with his arms. He stared at her, and a storm seemed to be brewing his light brown eyes.

The string of rationality in Oliver’s mind seemed to snap at this moment as he pulled her soft body into his embrace.

Natalie’s eyes widened in shock. She tried to escape, but it was already too late. Without any hesitation, he held her face and kissed her.

“Oli…”

Natalie struggled and kicked her legs. Her senses were overwhelmed by the strong presence of the man immediately.

Oliver opened his eyes. He asked hoarsely, “What's wrong? Don't you want to?"
###Chapter 73 You're my woman, you have to like me!
Natalie’s brain seemed to have stopped working at this moment. She could only shake her head frantically, driven by her instinct.

"Natalie, you're my wife."

"Oliver, you promised not to force me…” Natalie said.

Oliver smiled coldly as he asked, “Is this your first time?”

Natalie’s face turned red immediately. At the same time, a thought appeared in her mind.
‘If I say no, will he let me go?…’

In any case, Oliver’s words further confirmed to her that he was drunk. After all, she had already told him that she had never kissed Adrian before, so how could she have slept with him?

Seeing that there was no response, Oliver’s gaze turned even icier as he asked, “Have you ever been with Adrian?”

"No!"

Natalie shook her head vigorously, frightened by his cold demeanor.

Oliver’s gaze lingered on Natalie’s lip, which was rosy and moist now after being kissed by him. He laughed with a hint of bitterness as he asked, “You really hate me, don’t you?”

"I don’t! Why would I hate you for no reason?”

Natalie had never met such an unreasonable and domineering man before.

“But you only married me for money, right? In fact, you don’t want to be my wife at all. You won’t even let me touch you.”

Natalie really felt like she could not communicate with him at this moment. However, she still said, “Oliver, our marriage was never built on love. You should know that.”

Oliver laughed. “So you don’t love me. Do you like me even a little?”

Natalie frowned in confusion, and she felt a sense of unease. “What does it matter?”

In the next moment, Oliver lowered his head to her again.

“Oliver! What are you trying to do?” Natalie screamed as she pushed him away.

“Isn’t it obvious?” Oliver asked in return. He had always been calm and composed, always in control. However, for some reason, the woman in front of him always made him lose control.

He looked at her silently. Her eyes were slightly wet, and she bit her lip so hard that it seemed like it was going to bleed at any moment. He growled, “Why are you crying?”

Natalie’s vision was blurry from the tears as she glared at him fiercely.

“Stop crying!” Oliver said sternly, trying to cover up the distress he felt upon seeing her in such a state.

Natalie sniffled, trying to hold back her tears.

‘Can’t I even cry now? Dictator!’

Oliver looked at her silently for a moment before he suddenly flipped away and lay on the space next to her. He said, “Get out!”

Natalie quickly got up, scrambling away.

"Where do you think you're going?"

"Didn’t you tell me to get out?”

Natalie was angry, but she was more afraid of provoking him. Nonetheless, she could not hide the resentment in her voice at all.

"Oh, why weren’t you so obedient when I told you to kiss me earlier?” Oliver asked as he sat up. If it was not for his red face, it would be hard to tell that he had drunk at this moment.

Natalie cursed inwardly, ‘Bast*rd!’

"Come back to bed!" Oliver ordered expressionlessly, as though he had not just told her to leave a while ago.

“No, I want to sleep on my own tonight! You reek of alcohol!” Natalie said, shaking her head.

"What? You’re disgusted because I‘m drunk? I thought you said you’d be good to me and. Take care of me?”

‘Of all things to remember when he’s drunk…’

Oliver had never been patient. Seeing her refusal, he got up and carried her back to the bed.

Natalie cried out in fear, "Oliver, let go of me!"

He tossed her on the bed, but thanks to the bed’s softness, she did not feel any pain at all.

Following that, he got into bed as well, hugging her.

“Natalie, you’re my wife. I should be the only man in your heart. You can only like me! You must like me!” Oliver said.

Natalie remained silent.

"Do you hear me?"

Frightened, Natalie hurriedly nodded. However, she thought to herself, ‘I don’t like you at all!’

After obtaining the response he wanted, he released her from his hold. She quickly covered herself with the blanket and moved to the edge of the bed.

After the commotion, Oliver had already sobered up. When he smelled the alcohol on himself, he frowned in disgust. Without another word, he made his way to the bathroom.

The bedroom and bathroom were only separated by one door, and the sound of running water soon filled the room.

Natalie sat on the bed, fuming. However, after a while, she still went downstairs and got him a glass of water. After all, he must be dehydrated from drinking so much alcohol. Although he was a jerk, she was his wife, and Liam also entrusted her to look after him. Moreover, there was no point in getting angry at a drunken man.
###Chapter 74 You Bastard, Oliver!
Oliver took a cold shower to calm down. He did not know if he was angry because Natalie did not take him seriously or if he was angry at himself for losing control. He really hated that he had lost control earlier.

When he emerged from the bathroom in his bathrobe, his footsteps halted. He narrowed his eyes when he saw the empty bed.

He lit a cigarette and stood by the floor-to-ceiling window, blowing out smoke from his sensual lips. His handsome face had an ethereal quality to it when shrouded in the smoke. Suddenly, he heard three quick knocks on the door followed by the sound of footsteps hurrying away.

When he opened the door, he saw a glass of water on the carpet, but there was no one outside. He stared at the glass of water expressionlessly with the cigarette in his mouth as he thought to himself, ‘Who in this house would dare to bring just a glass of water apart from that woman?’

He turned around and closed the door. As he passed by the bedside table, he saw a man’s platinum wedding ring on the table. It was his, but he had never worn it once. He picked it up absentmindedly and played with it, recalling that Natalie always wore hers on her ring finger. The diamond ring looked good on her finger.

Suddenly, the image of Natalie rejecting him earlier flashed in his mind, and his temper flared up again. He tossed the wedding ring angrily into the drawer and slammed it shut.

However, after lying in bed for about ten minutes, he flipped over and angrily put on the wedding ring on his left ring finger.

…

After returning to the guest room that she previously stayed in, Natalie looked at herself in the mirror. When she saw her lips that were kissed swollen, she could not help but curse, “Oliver, you bast*rd!”

…

Natalie did not sleep well that night. When she closed her eyes, all she could see was Oliver’s face and his demanding gaze.
Despite this, she still managed to wake up early the next day.

When she walked out of her room, she discovered that the glass of water was sitting untouched in front of Oliver’s room. She bit her lip and walked over, intending to secretly bring it away.

Without any warning, the door suddenly opened when Natalie crouched down to pick up the glass of water. She looked up instinctively and saw Oliver dressed in a sleek designer suit. His expression was dark as though someone had owed him a lot of money.

Oliver, who woke up on the wrong side of the bed, frowned and looked down at her, asking, "What are you doing?"

Natalie quickly stood up and replied, “I’m bringing it away.”

“Did you bring it for me?” Oliver asked as his eyes flashed briefly.

"No! I saw it here, so I thought I’d bring it away. I don’t know who brought it here," Natalie denied immediately, feigning an honest expression on her face. After all, he did not drink it all last night, and she was too embarrassed to admit it.

When Oliver strode toward Natalie, she took a step back. He quickly trapped her between him and the birch railing.

"Where were you last night?"

"I slept in the guest room."

Natalie knew that Oliver already knew where she was last night, so there was no point in lying.

Oliver massaged his temples; his head was aching from a hangover. His gaze suddenly landed on a bluish mark on her chin. He raised his hand and touched it, asking, “What’s on your chin?”

Realizing that it was a bruise, Oliver subconsciously clenched his hands. He thought to himself, ‘Did I do this to you last night?’

Meanwhile, seeing that Oliver did not say anything else, Natalie hurried away with the glass of water in hand.

…

When Oliver arrived at the dining room, he did not see Natalie, but there was a sumptuous spread on the table. They looked as good as though from a five-star restaurant. Clearly, Natalie did not make them.

"Where is Natalie?" Oliver asked, no longer referring to her as ‘young madam.’

Liam replied, “She said she wasn’t hungry and went out for a morning run.”

‘She’s clearly avoiding me…’

Oliver put down the cutlery he had just picked up and said, “Call her back to make breakfast for me.”

…

Natalie was called back before she even started running. Earlier, when she came downstairs, she noticed that the chef had already prepared breakfast because she woke up a little later than usual. Hence, she simply left to avoid him. Although she was still angry about last night, she was more afraid of him. After all, his temper was unpredictable, and she wanted to avoid angering him.

When she returned, she saw Oliver calmly looking through documents in the dining room. The sumptuous breakfast spread had been taken away, leaving the table empty.

Since Oliver got drunk last night, she knew he must have a hangover. As such, she prepared food that would help with a hangover.

As usual, Oliver’s appetite was aroused by the food Natalie cooked.

“How does it taste?” Natalie asked eagerly. She did not seem to be as timid when it came to food.

After chewing and swallowing his food, Oliver replied, “It’s average.”

Natalie scolded inwardly, ‘It’s average, but you still finished everything?’

After breakfast, Oliver’s mood eased slightly. He decided to tease Natalie.

“Liam, who put the glass of water outside my room last night?”

Upon hearing this, Natalie, who was still marveling over how much Oliver could eat, looked up in shock.

Liam smiled and replied, “Young Master, it was Young Madam who personally brought the glass of water for you.”
###Chapter 75 I Miss You, Can't Repay in a Lifetime
"Liam, it wasn’t me!” Natalie said with a blush, waving her hands. She had just told Oliver it was not her and was worried her lie would be exposed.

“Young Madam, all the servants had gone to bed last night. Who else could it be but you?” Liam said with a kind smile, “You’re the young master’s wife. There’s nothing to be embarrassed about.”

“I…”

‘I’m not embarrassed. I just don’t want my lies to be exposed!’

Oliver stared at Natalie with a hint of teasing as he crossed his legs. Although his posture was lazy, it was elegant.

Seeing the look in his eyes, she only scoffed softly and pouted.

His eyes flashed slightly when he looked at plump and rosy lips, thinking about the kiss last night. However, his gaze turned cold again when he recalled her rejection.

"Why didn't you wear the ring during the car exhibition?"

Natalie instinctively touched the diamond ring. The pink diamond glimmered dazzlingly in the morning light. Still embarrassed about the glass of water, she explained in a low voice, “It’d be too ostentatious to wear the ring during the car exhibition.”

Seeing the unhappy expression on his face, she quickly added, “It’s not a slight against you! I just didn’t want people to gossip.”

The custom-made was obviously very expensive. Natalie had yet to make her public her identity as Mrs. Windsor. Moreover, if her identity was exposed, it would also be difficult for Oliver to hide his secrets.

After listening to her explanation, the ice on Oliver’s face seemed to melt a little. However, he still wanted her to wear the wedding ring.
Without saying a word, he stood up and went upstairs.

Oliver had an exceptional memory. He remembered that among the jewelry he had given Natalie in the past, there was a platinum chain. When it was convenient for her to the wedding ring, she could wear it around the neck with the platinum chain.

As soon as Oliver entered Natalie’s walk-in closet, his expression darkened. After a few seconds, he let out a bone-chilling laugh.

…

“Young Madam, the young master wants you to go upstairs,” a servant said to Natalie.

Natalie frowned in confusion and followed the servant upstairs.

Oliver stood in the walk-in closet, surrounded by towering cabinets on both sides that were filled with women’s clothing. He held a sky-blue chiffon dress in his left hand and a few small cards in his right hand. There was no sense of incongruity at all, but it made for a rather striking visual.

When he saw her, he did not wait for her to speak before he asked, "Care to explain?"

At the same time, he flicked his wrist, and the cards flew over to Natalie. They were, in fact, tags from Natalie’s clothes.

Natalie did not think there was anything to explain.

“Why are you keeping them?”
Oliver had seen them as soon as he came in. He even saw a piece of paper on the dressing table, listing the prices of the clothes.

‘Does she plan to sell them later?’

“I plan to pay you back when I have money,” Natalie replied, “There’s no free lunch in the world, after all.”

Oliver was taken aback by the lengths she had gone to just to distance herself from him. He wondered if she even remembered that she was his wife. She was legally bound to him, and it was his duty to protect her and take care of her.

"Are… are you angry?”

Natalie did not think that she had said anything wrong. Not only were they married only in name, but he also disliked her. In her opinion, he should be happy that she was maintaining a distance between them.

Oliver looked at her as he picked up a pair of scissors from the side and ordered, “Remove all the tags from your clothes!”

"What?! There are so many of them…"

Natalie's eyes widened in shock. She even doubted if she had heard him correctly.

“Remove them!”

‘If you want to repay your debt, I’ll make sure you’ll be paying for it the rest of your life!’

“Oliver, there are too many clothes for me to wear,” Natalie said, attempting to reason with him. Even if she never wore the same outfit twice, she would still not be able to wear them all within a year.

Suddenly, Oliver asked, “Didn’t you plan to visit your brother?”
Natalie had spoken to Liam about it, and the latter had dutifully conveyed it to Oliver.

Natalie’s eyes flashed as she waited for his response. It was as though she knew what he was going to say next.

As expected, Oliver said, “After you’re done removing the tags, I’ll take you there.”

...

Let alone the jewelry, even the cheapest designer clothes and bags were priced in the five digits.
With each tag she removed, Natalie felt as though her heart was being pierced. Initially, she even calculated the price as she removed them. She added them up one by one.

‘189,00…’
‘526,00’
‘1,300,090…’
‘2,350,121…’

She removed another tag with the number 980,000.

Oliver stood nearby behind her. His face was expressionless as he looked at her.

After removing the tag, she closed her eyes tightly as her surging emotions gradually overwhelmed her. Finally, she threw the scissors aside and asked, “What do you want exactly? I can’t wear these clothes, I won’t wear them! I can’t repay you! Who do you think you are to threaten me?”

Her eyes reddened as she questioned him, like a cornered rabbit.

"I just want you to..."

Oliver trailed off, unable to finish his sentence. After a moment, he held her chin with his long and slender fingers, saying, “You won’t be able to repay it in this lifetime.”

"You!"

"Natalie, you eat what's mine, live in what's mine. Do you think you’ll be able to repay me?” Oliver said with a sneer. He did not say that since the debt could not be repaid, there was no need for her to repay it.

"How can you say that?" Natalie glared at him angrily.

‘Living at Rosewood Estate, eating in Rosewood Estate… Do you think I want this?’

Natalie hated words like these the most. Hailey, Robert, and Mrs. Watson’s words echoed in her mind again at this moment.

“Natalie, you eat and wear what our family provides! It’s only natural that you do my bidding!”

“Natalie, the Watsons provide you with food, clothing, and shelter. Do you think these things come for free? You owe us!”

“Your father has supported you and your brother for ten years! Don’t you know how to be grateful?”

Debts must be repaid, and obligations must be fulfilled. In this world, nothing was free. If her own father was like that, how could Oliver, who was only her husband in name, be any better?

Natalie did not trust Oliver and certainly did not believe he would give her these things without asking for anything in return. Alas, only if she had power would she have the confidence to speak up in this unequal marriage.

“What do I want? I want you to owe me for a lifetime!”

‘I want you to owe me for a lifetime. I want to make it impossible for you to draw a boundary with me!’
###Chapter 76 I'm Shameless and Despicable
"You’re shameless!”

‘How can a person like him exist?’

“I’m also despicable,” Oliver said with a sneer, “Do you want to see it?”

"No!"

The servants, who were waiting outside, had already retreated when they saw that the situation inside was not right. They glanced at Natalie before they left, thinking that she was the first woman who dared to challenge Oliver.

Although Natalie said no, Oliver leaned over and kissed her. His angle and position were perfect for a kiss.

Natalie’s eyes widened in surprise. It took her a second to regain her senses and process the fact that Oliver was kissing her again. However, this time, he was completely sober.

His kiss was fierce and domineering. He only mercifully let her go when she was almost running out of breath.

Natalie gasped heavily for air, and her limbs felt weak. Her face was also completely red. It was unknown if it was because she was holding her breath or because of Oliver’s shameless action. When she raised her head to glare at him, her eyes were slightly wet with tears, making them even brighter.

Oliver licked his lips. She tasted so sweet that he could not find the words to describe it.

…

When Natalie finally removed all the tags, Oliver finally agreed to her visiting Lucas. However, she did not expect him to want to come along as well.

“You attend to your business. I can go to the hospital on my own. I don’t want to trouble you,” Natalie said, still trying to dissuade him from coming with her after they entered Rolls-Royce. Naturally, she did not care if he was troubled or not; she just did not want him to come with her.

Oliver ignored her and focused on the iPad in front of him.

Natalie, who was sitting next to him, felt vexed.

All of a sudden, Oliver said, “Call me Oliver.”

‘Huh?’

Natalie was puzzled, unable to figure out his intentions. She bit her lip, still angry.

In fact, he only wanted to hear her call his name again. He said with a hint of coaxing, “Natalie…”

"What?"

"Call me Oliver."

"Why?" Natalie looked at him, puzzled. Although she had called him by his name before, she was slightly embarrassed now that he told her to do it.

“Hurry up…”

“I… I shouldn’t simply call your name. What if I accidentally expose your identity?” Natalie said, coming up with a convincing reason.

Oliver nodded, finding some truth in her words. He looked at the sunlight that shone on her face, and he instinctively reached out to touch her cheek. His fingers gently caressed her face.

Natalie froze, and her breathing turned heavy.

"It’s fine if you don’t use my name when we’re outside, but you can continue to do so in private… We’re in the car now. There’s no one else around. Come on…"

Oliver suddenly wanted to hear her calling his name again. When it came from her mouth, it carried a hint of sweetness.

Natalie's face flushed red again. She inexplicably felt embarrassed now even though she had called him by his name countless times before.

“Come on, say it…” Oliver said patiently.

Finally, Natalie called out shyly, “Oliver…”

A fleeting smile appeared on Oliver’s face immediately.

Natalie could not help but look in front. The driver today was not Charles, but a young man named Jamie. Jamie seemed completely oblivious, but she knew it was just an act, causing her to feel even more embarrassed.

‘Why is he acting so strange lately?’

…

The hospital ward was crowded. Patients on beds were being pushed into rooms by nurses, and there was an endless flow of visitors going in and out.

Oliver frowned. It was his first time in a place like this. After all, when he needed to come to the hospital, he was given VIP treatment, and when he was hospitalized, he only stayed in private rooms. He had never had to mingle with so many ‘ordinary people’ before.

With his handsome appearance, he naturally attracted people’s attention. A few women even kept sneaking glances at him.

At this time, a few people rushed over, almost colliding with Oliver. Seeing this, Natalie quickly pulled him aside. Then, she said, “It’s crowded here, and the ward is even smaller. Why don’t you leave first?”

Oliver’s gaze lingered a few seconds on her hand that holding onto his sleeve. Just like that, the irritation that arose from his noisy and crowded environment inexplicably vanished.

"I'll accompany you."

"..."

Natalie thought about it for a moment. After spending so much time with him, she also knew that once he made up his mind, it was difficult for others to change it. She sighed and no longer tried to persuade him to leave.

Natalie was not just making up an excuse when she said that Lucas’ ward was small; it was really small.

The Watson was a wealthy family, but even then, they were unwilling to provide Lucas with a better room. They only provided him with a simple and small room out of obligation.

After Natalie knocked on the door, a clear and youthful voice rang from inside.
“Please come in.”

The voice was neither humble nor arrogant, neither fast nor slow; it was polite and calm.

A smile appeared on Natalie’s face immediately, and she pushed the door open.

“Lucas!”

A young boy lay on the bed expressionlessly, but when he saw Natalie, he could not hide his joy at all. He tried to get off the bed, but his movements were hindered by the needle on the back of his hand.

Natalie hurried over and stopped Lucas, saying, "Don't move, Lucas! You’re getting older, but you’re still so rash…"

Oliver watched as Natalie skillfully fluffed the pillow for the boy before carefully removing the air bubbles from the IV line and reinserting the needle into the back of the young boy’s hand. Her movements were smooth, as though she had done this many times before. Although she seemed to be chiding him, the gentle smile on her face did not disappear at all.

This was Oliver’s second time seeing Natalie so warm and gentle. The first time was in the photo of her and Lucas.

Oliver quietly studied the young boy, his brother-in-law.

Lucas was in his prime; he was only 16 years old. However, his hair had fallen off due to chemotherapy. Nonetheless, this did not detract from his good looks. Despite his age, he seemed to possess a maturity that his peers lacked.

"Sister, you..."

Lucas was just about to act coquettishly with his sister when he finally saw the man who followed his sister into the room. His expression changed immediately, and he asked, “Who is he?”

Lucas sized Oliver up. The man was tall and charismatic, and his face was strikingly handsome. Although his suit seemed nondescript, there was no doubt that it was extremely expensive.
###Chapter 77 The Protector of his Sister Appears
In short, the man looked perfect.

"I am Natalie's..."

Natalie’s heart skipped a beat, and she quickly interjected, “Boss!”

‘Am I crazy or was he really going to say ‘husband’?

Oliver’s expression grew colder as he stared at Natalie.

Lucas was not easily fooled. He looked at Oliver and said skeptically, “Boss? I don’t remember seeing him in G Entertainment before.”

Natalie said nervously, “I’ve terminated my contract with G Entertainment. He’s my new boss.”

Oliver placed one hand in his pocket and looked at Natalie, who was standing by the bed, coldly.

‘New boss? This woman can really lie!’

"Oh."

Lucas still looked skeptical, but before he could ask further, he saw something shiny hanging at Natalie’s neck. He asked, “What’s that? A diamond ring?”

A deep frown appeared on Lucas’ face, worried that Natalie would be deceived or taken advantage of.

Oliver raised an eyebrow. He wanted to see how this woman would explain the diamond ring.

Natalie was wearing a shirt today. When she bent over earlier, the necklace had fallen out.

“Oh… It’s just costume jewelry. I bought it from a boutique! It was very cheap and looked good, so I bought it!” Natalie said. She deliberately lifted it for Lucas to see before she quickly hid it under her shirt again."

Oliver scoffed softly. Then, he muttered under his breath, “Costume jewelry? Cheap? That’s a custom-made ring by Milan’s top jewelry designer! The diamond itself is worth six figures.”

“Shut up!” Natalie whispered angrily. She glared at him, warning him to not expose her lie.

Oliver felt as though he was asking to be angered by coming here. He clearly had a pile of documents waiting for him, and yet, he chose to come here and listen to her call the wedding ring he gave her cheap.

Realizing that her attitude might anger him, she pleaded pitifully, “Oliver, can you stop talking… please?”

Oliver inexplicably felt happy seeing that Natalie had softened her attitude. He glanced around and saw that there were only chairs in the room. The ward was truly small, and it only contained the bare minimum to house a patient. It had a bed, common medical equipment, a small table, and two chairs. There was no private bathroom at all.

“When I saw the ring, I thought Adrian proposed to you. I’ll buy you a real diamond ring in the future,” Lucas said. In fact, he still wanted to look at the diamond ring. Alas, Natalie had already put it away. He could tell that the design and the quality of the ring were not something one could buy cheaply at a boutique, but he kept his doubts to himself.

As soon as Lucas’ voice fell, Natalie felt a piercing gaze on her. Although she clearly did not do anything, she somehow felt as though she had just been caught cheating. She quickly explained, “Adrian and I have broken up.”

Oliver scoffed softly.

"Broken up?!" Lucas exclaimed in surprise.

“Yes.”

Natalie was still thinking of a reason when she heard Lucas say, “It’s good that you broke up with him. I really couldn’t stand him.”

Surprised, Natalie asked, “Why didn’t you say anything before?”

Lucas had always been indifferent to Adrian, but then again, he was indifferent to everyone except Natalie. As such, Natalie did not think much of it. In fact, she assumed he had a rather favorable impression of Adrian.

“I didn’t say anything before because he was your boyfriend, but now the situation is different,” Lucas said without reservations, “Adrian looks down on people. He’s not worthy of you!”

Natalie did not know whether to laugh or cry. She asked, “Then who do you think is worthy of me?”

The teenager held hand, behaving like a spoiled child as he said, “I haven’t met anyone worthy of you yet! In any case, you’re still young. You should enjoy the single life for now and settle down at about 27 or 28. You must find a man who loves you and spoils you.”

Natalie only shook her head helplessly with an indulgent expression on her face. At the same time, she thought to herself, ‘It’s too late for that…’

Oliver sat silently on the chair, and Lucas did not ask about him again.
Seeing this, Natalie sighed in relief and asked about Lucas’ health.

“I’m fine. You don’t have to visit so often. You’re busy, and I don’t want to be a burden to you. I can look after myself. The doctor said that I can be discharged once the indicators stabilize next month.”

Lucas was unaware that Natalie had to beg her father, Robert, to pay for his medical expenses.

"How is it often? It’s been almost a month since I last saw you. How can you be a burden?” Natalie said, “What fruit do you want to eat? Shall I peel an apple for you?”

Natalie had brought a fruit basket earlier.

“Okay, thanks!” Lucas smiled brightly.

Oliver sneered inwardly.

‘He’s already 16, but he’s still acting cute! How shameless!’

Natalie continued chatting with Lucas for a while. Then, she planned to speak to his doctor about his condition.

“Will you come with me please?” Natalie asked, wanting to take Oliver, whom she regarded as a huge burden, away.

“You’re going to bring your boss to the toilet?” Lucas asked as his eyes darted between Natalie and Oliver inquisitively.

Natalie was stunned. She had completely forgotten that she had told Lucas she was going to the toilet as an excuse to speak to his doctor. In the end, she said stiffly to Oliver, “Then, uh, you… you can just wait for me here. I’ll come back in a bit.”

She reassured herself, thinking that Oliver was aloof and taciturn, so there was no need to worry about Oliver and Lucas talking.

Alas, Natalie was completely wrong this time.

As soon as Natalie left the room, Lucas’ expression turned solemn, and he said in a matter-of-fact tone, “You’re not my sister’s boss.”

Initially, Oliver had no intention of paying attention to the teenager, but his interest was slightly piqued now.

"Why do you say so?”

"She spoke very casually to you. She wouldn’t have been so casual if you were her boss.”

Oliver crossed his legs, thinking, ‘It seems like those medals in the photo aren’t just for show…’

Oliver was expressionless and indifferent toward Natalie, so Lucas did not have a good impression of him, despite how outstanding he looked.

“Do you like my sister?” Lucas asked with a frown on his youthful face. At this moment, his cute and sunny demeanor in front of Natalie had completely disappeared.

In front of Natalie, Lucas was like a clingy puppy. In her absence, he was like a wolf cub that was ready to bite anyone who approached.
###Chapter 78 He Has Fallen for Natalie
Oliver's heart skipped a beat.

‘Do I like her? No. I only see her as an amusing pet…’

Seeing the expression on Oliver’s face, Lucas said mockingly, “Don’t bother to deny it. The moment you walked into the room, your eyes never left my sister. When I mentioned Adrian, you’re expression turned cold. You were clearly jealous.”

Oliver was surprised. The teenager was rather observant, nearly on par with his younger self.

Lucas continued to say, “If you really think you don’t like my sister, then you’re emotionally clueless. You don’t look that young. Have you never been in love before? Tsk, how annoying.”

Oliver clenched his hands, causing his veins to bulge, trying to hold back his urge to punch the annoying brat in front of him. However, Lucas’ words kept echoing in his mind, and he was shaken.

‘Have I really fallen for her?’

In reality, Natalie had caught Oliver’s attention the moment he had laid his eyes on her. He started treating her differently when she cooked him something that reminded him of the food that got him through the toughest time in his life.

“Forget it. My sister won’t like someone like you,” Lucas said as he crossed his arms, unaware of the thoughts that were racing through Oliver’s mind.

“Oh? What kind of person does she like then?” Oliver asked as he looked at his disapproving brother-in-law."

“Someone who spoils her, cherishes her, and will remain loyal to her in body and soul. He must be devoted to her and also capable of protecting her. He also has to be talented,” Lucas replied, setting the minimum standards for his brother-in-law.

Oliver sneered inwardly. ‘Too bad. In this lifetime, your sister can only be with me!’

Lucas looked at Oliver disdainfully and said, “Although you look outstanding, your temperament is too cold. Only my sister has the patience to tolerate you. Alas, you’re not worthy to be her boyfriend!”

“It’s her boyfriend, not yours. What right do you have to dictate who’s worthy of her or not?” Oliver said as he rose to his feet, exuding a powerful and oppressive aura.

Despite Oliver’s imposing aura, Lucas lay on the bed with a smile on his face, looking completely unaffected as he said, “Mister, as a dying patient of leukemia, I don’t fear many things in life. I’m only advising you because you’re better-looking than my sister’s previous suitors. What’s the point of getting angry? Oh, it must be because you’ve yet to win my sister’s heart.”

Lucas had hit the nail on the head. After all, it was clear that Natalie had no thoughts about him at all.

Oliver narrowed his eyes as he thought to himself, ‘Why must she have such a detestable creature as her younger brother?’

...

After confirming that Lucas’ condition was stable, Natalie’s face lit up with a smile, and she relaxed. After expressing her gratitude to the doctor, she left the doctor’s office.

Just as she turned a corner, she felt a cold and hard object pressing against the back of her waist.

“Don’t move!”

Natalie stiffened immediately. She felt a powerful arm circling her from behind before pulling her into a stairwell. They were on the 18th floor, so she knew that it was unlikely that there would be people using the stairs here.

Natalie was pinned against the cold wall, and she could smell an unfamiliar scent and the smell of rust.

"Don't move, don't make a sound, and I won't hurt you!"

The man’s voice was deep, and it carried an oppressive aura, but it sounded just slightly out of breath.

The man continued to hold the pointed weapon at her waist while he reached up and forced her to look up at him.

When Natalie raised her head, she saw an extremely handsome man. His eyebrows were well-defined, and his eyes were captivating. His facial features were distinct. Although his lips were pale now, it did not diminish his beauty at all.

Natalie had seen many handsome men. Moreover, her own brother, Lucas, was also very handsome. She could not help but gasp inwardly when she saw this bewitching man even if she had already seen such a captivatingly handsome person like Oliver. One could only imagine how good-looking he was, considering that she had these thoughts while he was pointing a weapon at her.

"Search for him! He's injured and can't run far!"

Chaotic footsteps and another man’s voice rang from above, fast approaching the floor they were on.

The man quickly tightened his hold on Natalie as he carefully listened to the urgent footsteps coming from above.

Earlier, when the man pulled Natalie into the emergency stairwell, she had accidentally touched his waist. However, it was only at this moment that she realized her hand was damp. She lowered her head and discovered her hand was covered in blood. The smell of rust she had smelled earlier was the smell of blood! With this, realization finally dawned on her; the injured man those people were looking for was in front of her.

His face was pale, and his breathing was weak. It was clear that he was severely injured and was just putting up a strong front.

The footsteps drew closer and closer.

Natalie looked up at the man who was just inches away from her. His appearance seemed to overlap with someone in her memories. In the next moment, she made up her mind.

Disregarding the danger at her waist, she mustered up all her strength and speed before she switched position with him, pinning him against the wall. She placed her left hand on the wall, shielding his face. Then, she covered his mouth with his right hand before she kissed the back of her hand, pretending like she was kissing him.

Natalie knew she had to switch positions with him. After all, he was injured. If he stood outside, his blood would be easily noticed. Fortunately, although he was tall, he only needed to bend over for Natalie to block his face.

The bewitching man’s dark blue eyes widened in surprise. However, he regained his senses in the next moment and put away the hidden weapon in his hand. Then, he gently held her waist as though she was his lover.

Natalie’s body stiffened in discomfort when she felt his hand on her waist.

Upon seeing her reaction, the man’s eyes flashed with a hint of amusement.

‘She didn’t hesitate when she pinned me against the wall earlier, but now she’s shy?’

"Look carefully! We must find D!"

"Yes!"

The Footsteps approached, and Natalie felt as though her heart was going to leap out of her chest.

Natalie's only experience with kissing came from Oliver. Moreover, she was always in a passive state when they kissed. She had no idea how to kiss, so she could only recall Oliver’s actions and mimicked them as kissed the back of her hand.

To her surprise, the scenes of Oliver kissing her were vivid in her memories, and she could easily recall them.

“Babe…”

Just as a group of tall and burly men arrived, they witnessed Natalie’s self-directed intimate scene.

“What the hell? Hey, get a room! This is a hospital!”

“What in the world! They were kissing in a hospital!"
###Chapter 79 Assassin D Roger Wild
"Hey, this woman has an amazing figure! Let me see what she looks like!”

Natalie was so frightened by these words that she forgot to move her lips for a moment. At the same time, she could feel the subtle change of the man’s aura. Moreover, from beneath her hands, she could him tensing, ready to strike.

"Stop messing around! Hurry up and look for that guy! Otherwise, the boss will kill you!”
“Okay, okay!”

“I can smell the scent of blood in the air! D definitely hasn’t gone far. Split up. Some of you search outside, and the rest will continue here. Remember, don’t alert the hospital staff!”

"Yes!"

Within two seconds, the group of men left.

Natalie let out a long sigh as her strength drained out from her body. It was her first time doing something like that, after all. She leaned against the railing to stabilize herself. Now that her nervousness was gone, her face finally turned red from embarrassment after she realized what she had done earlier. It was also at this time that she realized the man’s hair had changed from black to silver.

He casually tossed the black wig in his hand away, accurately throwing it into the trash can nearby.

His silver hair coupled with his cool and roguish appearance made him look even more mysterious.

"What do you want?" he asked. His back was stained with blood, but he did not seem to feel any pain. His expression was calm, and his voice was indifferent. It did not look like he was being chased at all.

"What?"

"I’ve never liked owing people. Since you helped me today, what do you want in return? Money, or perhaps, I can help you kill someone?”

He assumed that she had helped her because she was attracted to him. After all, countless women had thrown themselves at him because of his face.

‘K-Kill someone?‘

Natalie trembled, realizing what kind of person she had just saved. She looked at the extremely familiar face in front of him and asked, “I don’t want anything in return. I just one to know one thing. Do you know Roger Wild?”

He narrowed his eyes that flashed with a hint of surprise before he said, “I’m Roger Wild.”
After saying that, he left without another word.

‘He’s Roger Wild?’

Natalie massaged her temples and thought that she must have gone crazy earlier. Even if the man in front of her resembled Roger Wild, how could she have acted so recklessly? Moreover, Roger Wild was dead. He had fallen off a cliff when they were in high school, and his body was never found. He was a gentle and bright individual who would not wield a blade against a stranger like that emotionless man did. Moreover, Roger was the same age as her while the man seemed several years older.

Natalie chided herself for her absurd behavior of risking her life to save that man merely because he resembled someone she knew.

…

"Natalie, where did you go?!"

Not long after Natalie emerged from the stairwell, Oliver hurried over. His expression was dark.

"I..."

Before she could say anything else, Oliver hugged her so tightly that her bones ached.

People around them looked at them curiously, whispering among themselves.
Natalie tried to push him away but failed. She explained, “There are so many people watching. Let me go… I went to the bathroom after speaking to the doctor…”

Oliver looked at Natalie carefully from head to toe, feeling slightly relieved seeing that she was not injured.

"What happened?" Natalie cautiously probed, saying, "I saw a group of strange men just now..."

"They’re searching for someone. Don't get involved," Oliver said as he instinctively scanned their surroundings for suspicious people.

Earlier, Wyatt had sent news that the top assassin, D, was carrying out a mission at the top floor of the hospital today. He had a perfect track record, but today, he ran into some trouble. He was ambushed. After he was shot, he now being chased.

His code name D, stood for death. No one knew what his real name was.

Oliver knew it was unlikely for Natalie to be involved with these people, but when he received the news, he went crazy looking for her when he could not find her, fearing that something had happened to her.

‘Have I really fallen for her?’

Natalie nodded and did not say anything else. She wondered if that silver-haired man managed to escape.

…

At this time, a helicopter landed on the helipad on the rooftop. The injured silver-haired man, surrounded by several men in black, boarded the helicopter.

…

When Natalie returned to the ward, the doctor was conducting a routine check-up on Lucas.
The young boy lay obediently on the bed, appearing frail in his white outfit.

Lucas found out he had leukemia during a school sports event when his nose started bleeding. Not long after that, he began to bleed from his seven orifices, which was one of the symptoms of leukemia.

However, even after the discovery, he remained calm, facing life and death bravely unlike an ordinary 16-year-old teenager. He seemed more like an elderly person who had accepted that death was imminent.

Natalie and Lucas exchanged a few more words before she finally left with Oliver.

As soon as the door closed, Lucas’s sunny expression was immediately replaced by a frosty one. He gestured to the doctor nearby.

The doctor asked respectfully, “Mr. Watson, is there something you need?”

“Investigate that man who was with my sister,” Lucas ordered.

"Mr. Watson, that gentleman earlier didn't seem to have any ill intentions toward Miss Watson. Your condition isn't stable. I’d advise you not to worry about these things for now. I was specifically brought here from another hospital to take care of you. If something were to happen to you, those people from the organization would kill me. I'm just a powerless doctor..."

"My first impression of that man tells me that he’s not a good person, and you tell me that he has no ill intentions?" Lucas asked coldly, completely disregarding the doctor's concerns.

‘He’s handsome, has an extraordinary temperament, and dresses well. Why does he not look like a good person?’

"My sister is more important than my pathetic body. And besides, we can't find a matching bone marrow donor for now. Go investigate!" Lucas ordered again.

“Alright, alright, don’t get so worked up,” the doctor said, giving in, before he muttered under his breath, “Stubborn patients are the most difficult to deal with…”

"What did you say?"
Lucas threw a pillow at the doctor.

"I said, since you’re a key member of the organization, why don’t reveal your capability to Miss Watson?” the doctor said, quickly changing his words, driven by his strong will to survive.

‘How can I do that? I have to pretend to be an ordinary person so I can act spoiled,’ Lucas thought to himself as he looked at the doctor as though he was looking at a fool.

The doctor inwardly sighed.

‘Poor Miss Watson. She doesn’t know that she’s raised a little devil. She thinks he’s an innocent child, but she has no idea that he’s a beast in disguise…’

...

As soon as they left the ward, Natalie asked, “Did you say something you shouldn’t have said to my brother earlier?”

She had noticed the unfriendly gaze Lucas had shot Oliver earlier.

"What shouldn't I have said?" Oliver smiled dangerously.

With this, Natalie finally remembered that she had introduced Oliver as her boss to Lucas. A sense of guilt washed over her immediately. After all, that introduction denied her relationship with him and his existence.
###Chapter 80 Trapped in Emotions
Oliver was very proud that he did not lose his temper at this time, showing his great tolerance toward her.

“Lucas is sick. Any emotional fluctuations can affect his condition, which is why I hid it from him,” Natalie said. She pointed at his face before she continued, “Moreover, you’re not wearing a mask today.”

Indeed, his lack of a mask made things more complicated.

For the first time, Oliver felt that his face was bothersome, becoming the perfect excuse for her to deny his existence. He looked at her face, recalling her extraordinary gentleness with Lucas. He had never seen that side of her before. Before he knew it, as though he was possessed, he asked, “What kind of man do you like?”

"Huh?"

Natalie thought she misheard.

At this time, Charles happened to walk over from the distance and heard Oliver’s question. For a moment, his expressionless mask cracked.

"It's nothing."

Oliver felt like he was going crazy. He even began to wonder why he came to visit the brat, Lucas, today.

Natalie was speechless.

‘Did her really ask me what kind of man I like? I must have misheard. He’s always so indifferent to everything. How could he have asked such a question?’

If only Isaac was here, this was the kind of show he would have liked to watch.

"Charles, send her back," Oliver said, intending to go for a drive alone.

“Huh?”

Oliver was not dressed in his work suit today, so she assumed he was not going to work. She asked, “Aren’t going home?”

‘Home...’

Upon hearing this word, Oliver fell into a momentary daze.

Ever since his mother passed away, home was where his younger brother, Arthur, was. Later, when Arthur left to find a woman, Rosewood Estate became nothing more than a place to stay. It was no different from his other properties. He only returned to Rosewood Estate more often because of Natalie. However, for the first time in a long time, he felt that Rosewood Estate was home.

When Oliver returned to his senses, he did not respond to Natalie. Instead, he got into another car that Charles had driven over.

After he left, Charles asked, “Young Madam, did you upset the young master?”

"I don't think so," Natalie replied, scratching her head, “Well, something minor happened in the hospital earlier, but I’ve already explained it to him. He doesn’t seem like a petty man…”

Charles thought to himself, ‘He’s indeed not a petty man. However, when it comes to his own woman, how can any man be magnanimous? It seems like she doesn’t have any romantic feelings toward him…’

Suddenly, Charles felt that his boss was a little bit pitiful.

...

The Maybach was an off-road vehicle, suitable for rugged mountain roads and grasslands, but it could not compare to a Pagani in terms of speed.

Oliver sped through the city. The black car raced along the coastline like a roaring beast. The irritation not only did not subside, but it kept growing.

…

"Come out for a drink."

Isaac was shocked when he received Oliver’s call.

‘He asked me out for a drink?’

Even after his accident when he almost became disabled, Oliver still remained calm and composed. As such, people wondered if Oliver was even normal. Isaac could not imagine what had happened today that made Oliver ask him out for a drink.

Isaac looked up, wondering if the sun really rose from the east today.

…

Since it was the first time Oliver took the initiative to ask him out for a drink, Isaac naturally had to plan it well. He even invited a few young masters, including Wyatt and Barrett.

Barrett knew he had misspoken last time, so he apologized to Oliver.

Suddenly, someone suggested, “Just drinking is boring. Why don’t we play a game?”

"What kind of games have we not played before?” Isaac said, knowing that Oliver had something on his mind and was not in the mood to play games, “Let’s just chat.”

Barrett said with a smirk, “What do you want to chat about? You either talk about work or women. Since we don’t understand anything about your work, let’s talk about women.”

Someone said, “Windsor lives an ascetic life. Is he even interested in talking about women?”

“It’s fine. Let’s talk about women,” Oliver said with a straight face.

In just an instant, the noise private room fell silent, and everyone turned to look at Oliver in unison.

‘Did he really agree to talk about women?’

‘This man has never shown any interest in women and is even suspected of being in a relationship with Isaac actually… wants to talk about women?’

Isaac and Wyatt looked at each other, communicating with their eyes.

Isaac: Is he having trouble with love?

Wyatt: It likely has something to do with Natalie.

Isaac: So then should we talk about her?

Wyatt: Are you trying to get yourself killed?

Under the colorful lights, Isaac’s expression was troubled.
‘How should we start?’

Fortunately, the other young men were oblivious to this matter and happily discussed their female companions. They also talked about which female celebrities looked good and how they pursued women.

Oliver held a cigar between his fingertips, looking very unenthusiastic as he listened to the men talk about their experiences in pursuing women. He could not help but feel their strategy would not work at all. He was confident that using money to entice Natalie would only fail.

Isaac and Wyatt were also talking to the others, but in fact, they were constantly sneaking glances at Oliver.

Suddenly, Oliver dropped another bomb, asking in his cold and indifferent voice, “Am I not attractive?”

"..."

Isaac and Wyatt communicated with their eyes again, wondering if Oliver had taken the wrong medicine today.

Isaac suddenly recalled the time when Oliver asked if he was annoying.

‘Natalie is really amazing…’

Wyatt reacted first, saying, “How can that be? Are you mocking every man out there?”

‘If you’re not attractive, then what about all the other men? With these words, you’re belittling me and Isaac as well…’

Oliver continued to ask, “Then, is there any woman I’m not worthy of?”

"Of course not!" Isaac replied without hesitation. He knew without a doubt that ‘any woman’ was 120% Natalie.

Under the flickering lights of the neon signs, an annoyed expression appeared on Oliver's impeccably handsome face.

After giving it some thought, Isaac offered his advice on love.

“Oliver, a woman’s heart is hard to guess. There are women who seem aloof but are actually very passionate inside. Some may appear cute and innocent, but in reality, they’re scheming. Then, there are those who seem tolerant and magnanimous but are actually quite sensitive. However, regardless of the type of woman, as long as you, an outstanding man, make your move, they will all kneel in front of you!”

Oliver stared at Isaac for a few seconds before he said disdainfully, “Shut up.”
###Chapter 81 Sister-in-law, brother is drunk
In Oliver’s opinion, the women Isaac knew could not compare with Natalie at all.

‘What an imbecile!’

At this time, someone noticed the shiny men’s platinum ring on Oliver’s finger and said, “Windsor, I didn’t expect you to wear a fancy ring like this…”

Most men’s rings looked similar, and their differences usually lay in their details. As such, it was hard to tell at a glance that Oliver was wearing a wedding ring. Moreover, no one would have imagined the powerful and influential man, who was only 26 years old, had married so early. In their opinion, marriage was such a dreadful task, and it was better to enjoy the single life.

Oliver glanced at his wedding ring, feeling a sense of belonging wearing it.

Wyatt raised an eyebrow. He knew that Oliver had not worn the ring before. The fact that Oliver suddenly wore it only meant that Natalie’s position in his heart had truly changed. At the very least, it was not just a casual fling.

…

Oliver still had not returned home, so Natalie went to bed first.

That night, she had a dream. She dreamed of the time when she was 15 years old.

It was her fifth year with the Watsons at that time, but she still felt out of place. It was not just with the Watsons, but she also felt out of place in school. The girls in school, led by Hailey and Noah, gave her all sorts of trouble. They would call her a bast*rd, leave her on clean-up duty alone, forget to tell her about assignments, and blame her for all sorts of things. In short, her high school life was extremely miserable. Her only source of light at that time was Roger Wild.

Roger Wild was Natalie’s classmate. He was a handsome young boy, but he was silent and reserved. He usually kept to himself. Perhaps that was why many people called him a fool. However, that ‘fool’ was the only one in school who would help her.

During their sophomore year, they went to the north mountain in Paykston on a school trip. At that time, Natalie was tricked by a few girls and ended up taking the wrong path. When she finally arrived at the destination, she learned that Roger Wild was missing. She still remembered what Hailey had said at that time, taunting her.

“That fool went looking for you…”

Natalie followed the others to search for him, and at some point, she heard a scream. She ran over, panting, and only saw Roger’s phone lying near the edge of a cliff. Below the cliff was a river.

Needless to say, the school canceled the trip due to Roger’s accident.
In the end, Roger’s body was never found.

Natalie screamed as she jolted awake, drenched in cold sweat. She was the reflection of her pale face on the floor-to-ceiling window.

Roger was not only her only light during her youth, but he was also someone she was indebted to. Perhaps that was why she had done the boldest thing in her twenty years of life at the hospital when she protected that man who resembled Roger.

Apart from Roger, no one knew the actual reason behind his departure that day. No one knew for certain that he really left to look for Natalie. It was even more impossible for people to find out how he had fallen off the cliff.

When Natalie was awakened by the nightmare, it was only 12 am. She was unable to return to sleep. She sat on the bed, looking out of the window in a daze. The master bedroom had a great view, overlooking the night view of Paykston.

At some point, Natalie’s phone suddenly rang. The caller ID showed an unfamiliar number. She assumed it was a prank call, so she did not hesitate as she canceled the call. However, when the other party called again and again, she finally answered the call.

"Hello, who is this?"

"Sister-in-law, it's Wyatt."

"Oh, hello. What’s the matter?”

Natalie still remembered the handsome young man who played the referee in the clubhouse.

"Sister-in-law, Oliver is drunk. Can you come and get him?”

"Me?! Now?"

Based on her previous experience with Oliver when he was drunk, Natalie was really reluctant to go and pick him up. She asked, “Did you call Charles?”

On the other side, Wyatt turned the loudspeaker on, and Isaac listened in on the conversation.

Upon hearing Natalie’s words, Isaac rolled his eyes and shook his head, thinking, ‘Sure enough. Oliver is in a bad mood because of her. She’s clearly very reluctant to come…’

Wyatt's expression remained unchanged as he continued to persuade Natalie, saying, “Charles took the night off to attend to some matters in his family."

Natalie sighed and tried to hide her reluctance as she said, “Oh, alright then. Where are you guys?”
Natalie recalled that Wyatt seemed like a serious young man. If she had received a call from Isaac, she would have wondered if Isaac was playing a prank on her. In her opinion, Wyatt did not seem like the type to do such a thing.

Wyatt gave her the address before reminding Natalie to be safe.

…

After the call, Isaac burst into laughter.

“Wyatt, you’re perfect for sneaky schemes. You can keep such a straight face even when you’re lying!”

"Mind your words," Wyatt said, glancing at Isaac. He wondered if Isaac only spoke properly when he was trying to pick up girls.

…

At this hour, all the servants in Rosewood Estate had gone to bed.

Natalie took the key to the Land Rover that Oliver had previously placed on the coffee table before leaving the house.

She had obtained her driving license as soon as she was of age. Although her driving skills were not exceptional, it was not a problem for her to drive.

...

At the exclusive member-only bar.

The doorman had already been informed and led Natalie toward the private room. He knocked on the door twice and opened it as he said, “Miss, please enter.”

Most of the women in the room were dressed flamboyantly while the men dressed more simply. Despite their simple outfits, it was clear that they were expensive.
The room was filled with lively music and colorful lights. The men and the women were immersed in enjoying themselves and failed to notice Natalie’s arrival. Only one person noticed her.

Oliver did not know how, but as soon as Natalie appeared, he noticed her.

She stood by the door, with her hands folded neatly in front of her as she looked around as though she was searching for someone.

‘Why is she here?’

A hint of surprise flashed briefly in Oliver’s eyes before he beckoned to the woman closest to him.

"You, come here."

The woman’s eyes widened, pleasantly surprised. She hurriedly put down the wine bottle in her hand and rushed over to Oliver’s side.

"Sir, what can I do for you?"

Oliver was not only handsome, but among the men present, he had the most extraordinary temperament. The woman could see that even Isaac treated him with great respect. Although no one knew his identity, it was clear to everyone that he was not simple.

When Oliver grabbed the woman’s wrist and pulled her toward him, she was overjoyed. She sat on Oliver’s lap and wrapped her arms around his with practiced ease, pressing her body against his while she pretended to be shy.
###Chapter 82 I fucking want you to love me!
"Sir, I..." the woman said in a soft voice. An expectant smile could be seen on her face.

At this time, Wyatt nudged Isaac’s arm. The duo turned to look at the door.
A few people also turned to look.
Barrett had a particularly strong impression of Natalie. Not only because of her appearance, but also because she was Oliver’s woman. Most importantly, he had almost offended Oliver because of her.

Assuming that Oliver had yet to see Natalie, Isaac deliberately called out loudly, "Sister-in-law!"
When he turned to look at Oliver’s reaction, he was shocked to see a woman sitting on Oliver’s lap. However, with just another glance, he saw the indifferent expression on Oliver’s face and Oliver’s gaze that was focused on Natalie.

‘Tsk, so he's deliberately putting on a show for Natalie!’

Meanwhile, Natalie finally found Oliver at the very end of the room and quickly walked over. He held a cigar in his right hand while his left hand casually rested on the armrest. She naturally saw the seductive woman sitting on his lap as well.

The woman thought that Natalie came to snatch Oliver away from her, so she quickly hugged Oliver’s neck, declaring her sovereignty as she asked, “What do you want?”

Natalie did not respond to the woman. She looked at Oliver, who was clearly not drunk, before she asked, “I thought you were drunk and needed me to pick you up?”

Oliver looked puzzled. However, after a moment, he glanced at Wyatt and Isacc.

Wyatt looked sheepish while Isaac looked away, pretending like he did not know what was going on.

“Who are you? Does he need you to pick him up even if he’s drunk?” the woman asked as she sized Natalie up. It was too dark for her to see what Natalie wore, but judging by her conservative style, she did not seem like a wealthy young miss.
Seeing Oliver’s indifference, the woman grew even bolder, saying, “How are you related to him? Moreover, Isaac and Wyatt can send him home if there’s a need.”

Oliver’s eyes were focused on Natalie, carefully observing her expressions.

Realization dawned on Natalie; she had been tricked by Wyatt and Isaac. She did not expect that Wyatt, who seemed honest, to be just as cunning and playful as Isaac.

Natalie was a little upset. After all, she had been tricked out of the house in the middle night. She had to drive down the mountain alone and had been worried about getting into an accident. How could she not be upset when she arrived and discovered that it was all a prank?

Finally, Natalie said, “Well, if you’re fine, I’ll take my leave first.”

As soon as Natalie turned to leave, the sound of glass breaking followed by a scream rang from behind her.

Oliver had pushed the woman aside, causing her to fall to the ground. She rubbed her knees in pain, but she did not dare to complain. Shards of glass from the wine glass and wine bottles lay next to her; they fell to the ground when Oliver stood up.

Oliver tried his best to suppress his anger as he asked Natalie, “Are you going to leave just like this?”

“Huh? What’s the matter?”

Sensing Oliver’s anger, Natalie quickly thought about what she could have done wrong. She had only been for a few minutes; she did not think she had made any mistakes.

Oliver let out a low laugh that sounded extremely chilling. A fire rose in his heart when he saw her clueless expression. He felt even more foolish about his actions. Without another word, he grabbed

Natalie’s wrist and pulled her out.

Due to his long strides, Natalie had to jog to keep up with him even though she was quite tall.

She called out, “Hey, what are you doing?”

"Oliver?" Isaac called out in confusion.

"You guys continue on,” Oliver said without looking back.

The duo quickly disappeared out of the room, leaving the others looking at each other in confusion.

…

"Oliver!"

Oliver ignored Natalie's call and continued walking toward the parking lot. He looked around but could not find the driver.

"I drove here," Natalie explained, "Are you not going to stay back with the others? Do you want to go back?"

Her words made the flames of fury in his heart rise higher. He released her hand and leaned against the Land Rover and asked, “Is there something wrong with your brain?”

"Huh? What do you mean?” Natalie asked timidly. Seeing that he had drunk and that he was unhappy now, she was careful when she spoke.

Oliver lifted her chin, forcing her to meet his gaze before he said mockingly, “You saw another woman sitting on your husband’s lap, and you were just going to walk away?”

‘Uh, what right do I have to interfere with what you do? Can I even control what you want to do?’ Natalie thought to herself. In fact, she had no desire to control Oliver and did not care what he did.

“Speak!”

Natalie’s silence further angered Oliver.

Natalie did not why he was going crazy again and wondered if he was testing her. After a moment, she took a deep breath and said, “I have always been very clear about my position. I may be your wife, but you were forced into this marriage. We’re husband and wife in name only, so I can’t control what you do.”

However, as soon as she finished speaking, she knew that she had made him even angrier. She asked, feeling helpless, “Oliver, what exactly do you want?”

‘Why is he acting like an unreasonable child today?‘

Oliver raised her chin so she could look at him and growled, “I want to like me, love me, and only have me in your heart!”

Natalie stared at him in a daze.
“You… Do…”
Natalie was about to ask him if he liked her, but she stopped herself in time. She did not think it was possible for Oliver to like her. She had seen too many failed love stories and had experienced one with Adrian. She learned to keep her heart behind iron walls, unwilling to let anyone in. She really had no interest in romance now.

"What do you want to say?” Oliver asked.

Natalie naturally had no intention of asking that question, so she said, “Don’t worry. I promised I’d be good to you and care for you.”

“I said I want you to f*cking love me!” Oliver shouted.

‘He really likes to swear whenever he drinks…’

This thought had just appeared in Natalie’s mind when Oliver leaned down and kissed her passionately.
He held her waist as they kissed, entangled with each other.

Natalie had been holding her breath as they kissed. When she felt like she was running out of breath, she quickly patted Oliver’s chest.
###Chapter 83 Bullet Incoming, the Man Blocked for Her
Natalie gasped for air.

Oliver looked at her intently as he supported her body with his arm.

Worried that he would kiss her again, she quickly said, comprising, “I… I’ll try to like you and fall in love with you…”

Only Natalie knew that these words were perfunctory. Loving someone wholeheartedly was akin to digging your own grave. In any case, she would still keep her words to him. She would be good to him, but it would be due to duty, commitment, and gratitude.

Oliver tightened his hold on Natalie, and she instinctively wanted to struggle. However, in the end, she thought the better of it.

Appeased, Oliver touched the corner of her lip with his thumb and asked, “Do you have any request for me?”

Natalie’s eyes widened in surprise. “I… I can make a request?”

"Hmm."

Natalie pondered for a moment, “Can you let me live on campus when the semester begins?”

"No!" Oliver’s face darkened immediately as he said, “Come up with another request!”

"I can't think of any at the moment," Natalie said, feeling that any request she made would be rejected anyway.

Oliver tried to be patient as he asked, “Aren’t you interested in my loyalty to our marriage or my affection for you?”

Natalie shook her head, saying, "Loyalty is not something that can be demanded or guaranteed. As for affection...”

Natalie trailed off for a moment. A never-seen-before determination, confidence, and honesty flashed in her eyes before she continued to say, “Oliver, I have no interest in asking things that are out of my reach.”

At this time, a coughing sound rang out.

Isaac and Wyatt had followed the duo out earlier, driven by their curiosity to find out what was going on between the two. They really did not expect to encounter such a scene. Initially, they intended to leave quietly, but they suddenly saw the duo passionately kissing. Isaac was so shocked that he almost choked on his saliva because he could tell that Natalie was not very enthusiastic about the kiss. After all, even if women begged Oliver to kiss them, it was likely that he would not even spare them a glance.

When Natalie saw Isaac and Wyatt with an awkward and teasing expression on their faces, she blushed and covered her face.
‘When did these two come?!’

Oliver seized the chance and hugged Natalie, pressing her face against his chest as he said, "Get lost!"

“Okay, okay, we didn’t see anything. Goodbye!” Isaac said with a smirk.

...

Natalie drove the Land Rover along the dark road. She was a careful driver, prioritizing safety over speed.

Oliver was growing impatient with the slow speed, but surprisingly, he was very calm. He would have reprimanded his driver if his driver had driven at this excruciatingly slow speed.

Oliver had always been very alert and aware of his surroundings. At this moment, a wary expression suddenly appeared on his face. He looked at the black off-road vehicle behind them through the rearview mirror. Initially, he had assumed it was just a coincidence, but as time passed, especially after they took a turn, he grew certain that the car was tailing them.

"Step on the pedal!" Oliver suddenly ordered. At the same time, he gripped the steering wheel and forcefully turned it.

Natalie screamed in fright, but she instinctively stepped on the pedal as Oliver controlled the steering wheel. Their actions were surprisingly tacit. Before she could ask what was going on, she heard Oliver say, “Don’t stop, keep going! We’re going to make a right at the next intersection!”

Oliver’s tone was no longer lazy or leisurely. Instead, it was cold and ruthless.

"What's happening?" Natalie asked tremblingly. She listened to him and turned at the intersection. She naturally could tell that something was wrong.
"Don't look back," Oliver said with a hint of tension in his voice that she had never heard before.

Natalie was not a skilled driver nor did she have much experience driving this kind of car. It was not surprising that she was unable to utilize the full speed of the car.

At this time, Oliver pulled out a small safe from under the seat and quickly opened it up, revealing a silver gun inside.

In the next moment…

Bang!

Oliver had fired a shot and accurately hit his target.

From the rearview mirror, Natalie clearly saw one of the tires of the black off-road vehicle exploding. In the next moment, she watched as the vehicle veered off to the side before it went back on track. To her horror, she saw a hand holding a gun extending out of the driver’s side of the window.

“Oliver, be careful! He has a gun!”

"If you're afraid, then don't look," Oliver said calmly.

As Oliver’s objective was only to stop that car and not injure the people who were tailing them. As such, he only aimed for the tires. After all, he was not sure if they were just going to tail him or do something else. However, now that the other party had brought out a gun, his suspicion had been confirmed, and he no longer held back.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Although the gun was silenced, Natalie felt her ears ringing from the gunshots.

The Land Rover was not bulletproof, and when the bullets hit the rear end, it caused the car to shake violently.

Natalie’s palms were sweaty, her heart was pounding, and her mind was racing. She pressed her foot down on the pedal, taking every turn she could.

The rear windshield had already shattered, and the night wind blew into the car.

Seeing that the distance between the two cars was closing up, Natalie felt like she had never been so close to death before.

Bang!

This time, Oliver shattered the other party’s windshield.

The other party was becoming desperate, and they began to aim their gun toward Natalie, hoping to get rid of the troublesome driver first.

Bang!

Natalie shivered at the thought that death might be approaching.

Suddenly, Oliver lunged over. He unfastened her seatbelt with quick movements. Then, he held her tightly before he pushed the door open and jumped out of the car. At the same time, he said reassuringly, “Don’t be afraid.”

Without a driver, the Land Rover lost control. Its sudden decrease in speed caused the vehicle behind it to collide with it.

Boom!

The collision was deafening, and flames soared up in just a moment.

Oliver tightly protected Natalie in his arms. He tried to shield her with his body, hoping to cushion her body and lessen the impact when they hit the ground.

Despite his protection, Natalie could still feel the powerful impact upon landing. They tumbled several times before they finally came to a stop.

When the ordeal was finally over, they both lay flat on the ground which was covered in overgrown weeds.

Suddenly, Oliver reached out and grabbed Natalie, pulling her on top of him.

"Oliver?" Natalie called out, but she realized that his eyes were already closed and quickly climbed off him. She could feel that her hands were damp. Although she could not see clearly due to the darkness, the smell told her it was blood immediately.

Jumping out of a moving vehicle at such a high speed was tantamount to seeking death, after all.

"Oliver, wake up!" Natalie called out, panicking. Her hands trembled as she tried to stop his bleeding.

The bullet was meant for her, but he had blocked it for her.

“Oliver, Oliver, don’t scare me! Wake up!”

“Oliver? Can you hear me? Open your eyes and look at me!”
###Chapter 84 Natalie, Give Me a Hug
Natalie patted him with her small hands as she called out to him, crying softly.

Oliver regained consciousness at this moment, but it took him a while to open his eyes due to the pain and exhaustion. When he finally opened his eyes, he saw Natalie looking at him with teary eyes.

The instant Oliver opened his eyes, Natalie smiled, and her tears fell from her eyes onto his lips. He licked his lips. Although it was salty, there was an inexplicable sweetness in his heart.

"Why didn’t you run away? What if those people catch up to us?” Oliver asked weakly.

“What will happen to you if I run away?” Natalie said.

She was unaware of the impact her reply had on Oliver. His heart softened completely. Despite the calamity, he was overjoyed.

Although Oliver was weakened by the gunshot wound and the multiple injuries he sustained when jumping out of the car, he mustered up all his strength and used his still mobile left hand to hold the back of Natalie’s head, pulling her face close to him.

To avoid pressing on him, Natalie quickly supported herself with her arms. Before she could react, he had already seized her lips.

Their kiss this time was much more intense than the one they shared at the parking lot, but it was also much more tender than anything she had experienced before.

When Natalie regained her senses, she wanted to push him away but could only dismiss that idea, worried that she would hurt him. In the end, she could only wait for him to end the passionate kiss on his own.

“Hey! What’s wrong with you? You’re injured, but you still… Anyway, just stay still!” Natalie said, both annoyed and shy.

Seeing the shy expression on her face, Oliver could not help but smile. After a moment, he asked worriedly, “Are you hurt?”

Natalie shook her head. He had protected her well.

"Call Isaac or Wyatt," Oliver said, licking his lips. His face had turned pale to the blood loss.

In the distance, the fire from the collision raged on. Before jumping out of the car, he had fired a shot. He was absolutely certain that the person or people in the car had perished in the crash due to the lack of time to escape.

...

Isaac and Wyatt arrived quickly and called for an ambulance.

When Oliver was lifted onto the stretcher, he had already lost consciousness. However, his left hand was holding onto Natalie’s hand tightly, refusing to let go.

A middle-aged paramedic sighed and shook his head. “Nowadays, it’s rare to see youngsters so devoted to their loved ones…”

Natalie felt extremely awkward after they boarded the ambulance. The paramedic had to pry her hand out of Oliver’s grasp to perform emergency procedures on him.

Natalie looked at Oliver quietly. Something seemed to have pierced through the fortress she had built around her heart, letting in a ray of light.

…

Wyatt and Isaac followed the ambulance in their vehicles.

The surgery lasted a grueling six hours.

Oliver was shot in his back near his hip. In addition, he suffered multiple fractures and abrasions. The only part of his body that was unharmed was his left hand.

After the surgery, Oliver was transferred to a VIP ward. The entire floor was reserved for him. He was surrounded by bodyguards, and a few top doctors and nurses were stationed on that floor to attend to him.

While Natalie stayed in the ward, waiting for Oliver to regain consciousness, Isaac and Wyatt swiftly investigated the events of the night.

At some point, Oliver, who was lying on the hospital bed, twitched his index finger. His physique was better than ordinary people, so he woke up two hours earlier than the doctors had predicted. However, due to the effects of the anesthesia, he could barely move his body. He scanned the room with his eyes until he found the woman next to him, which calmed his racing heart.

Natalie had not slept all night. She had been waiting outside the operating theater earlier and remained by his bed after he was transferred to the ward. She eventually fell asleep when the exhaustion finally took a toll on her.

Her head was resting on the side of the bed, and her hair soft hair was spread across the bed, revealing her pert nose, eyelashes, and rosy lips. She was frowning, clearly restless even when she was sleeping.

Oliver recalled the events from last night. He was impressed by how she was able to maintain her composure despite being terrified. She even drove rather skillfully, drifting when they took sharp turns. He really did not expect her to be so resilient. However, what left the strongest impression on him and moved him was her teary eyes and when she asked him, “What will happen to you if I run away?”

No one had cared for him like that in a long time, after all.

His father, Henry, married his mother for power and status, and he continued to have affairs outside of his marriage. In the end, he even brought his illegitimate children back to the Windsor family.

At that time, his mother cried miserably every day. He was only six years old at that time, but his mother had asked him what she should do.

Henry cherished and loved Victoria and Edwin like treasures, but he neglected Oliver and Arthur, not even sparing them a second glance.

Five-year-old Arthur remained cheerful and optimistic, but Oliver was different. At that time, Arthur had asked him, “What should we do? Daddy doesn’t seem to like me.”

In fact, Oliver was only seven years old at that time. He was in the same boat as Arthur, and he also did not have the answer to that question.

Intentionally or not, everyone would always ask him this question and ask for solutions. On the contrary, Natalie did not ask him what she should have done. Instead, she only cared about his well-being.

Oliver gradually regained strength, and he reached out to carefully brush the strand of hair resting on Natalie’s cheek away.

It was also at this moment that Natalie woke up. She stared at him blankly for a few seconds before she finally returned to her senses.

"You woke up so quickly?!" Natalie exclaimed in surprise and delight, “Do you feel uncomfortable anyway? Does it hurt a lot? Isaac and Wyatt said they’d come back to see you later.”

“It hurts,” Oliver said. It was the first time the prideful Oliver showed admitted to feeling pain. In fact, this kind of pain was nothing to him.

"Where does it hurt? I'll call the doctor for you!" Natalie asked worriedly as she carefully looked at his body that was riddled with injuries.

"No need."

"Huh?"

“Give me a massage."

Natalie frowned. Under normal circumstances, she would think he was teasing her. However, he was pale and injured now, making her unsure if he was teasing her or not. Finally, she shook her head and explained seriously, “I can’t do that. That’ll only aggravate your injuries.”

Oliver closed his eyes, hiding the amusement in his eyes. The slight shaking of his shoulders under the blanket was from him holding back his laughter.

‘Couldn’t she tell I was joking? How could she explain so seriously?’

Finally, Oliver said, pretending to compromise, “Well, then give me a hug.”

Natalie stared at him. She wanted to get angry but could not, considering he was injured.

‘How can he joke around when he’s injured like this?’

Finally, Natalie pressed the button on the bedside.

Soon after, a pretty young woman arrived. She was the attending doctor.

Natalie found the doctor familiar. After thinking about it for a moment, she asked hesitantly, “Aren’t you… the maid from Rosewood Estate?”

She was confused as to how the maid in Rosewood Estate from before suddenly appeared here. Not only that, but the other party now wore a white coat and was examining Oliver, clearly a very skilled professional.

The female doctor smiled slightly and extended her hand as she said, “You have a good memory, Mrs. Windsor. Let me reintroduce myself. I’m Doctor Rosy May. Oliver and I can barely be considered friends…”

‘No wonder she addressed Oliver by his name earlier… It seems like they’re quite familiar with each other…’

"Hello, Doctor May, I'm Natalie," Natalie said politely. Then, she asked the question that had been burning in her mind, “Then, previously at Rosewood Estate, you…”

Before Rosy could speak, she felt a cold gaze on her. She swallowed back the words, ‘Your husband asked me to pretend to be a maid to treat you’. Instead, she lied, saying, “Oh, I made a bet with Oliver and lost, so I ended up working as a maid for a day.”

“Oh.”

Natalie did not suspect anything. She only thought that Oliver had gone too far, making a doctor work for him just because of a bet.

After a thorough examination, Rosy said, “The surgery is very successful, and he’s recovering very well. You can rest assured, Mrs. Windsor.”

“But he said he was in pain earlier,” Natalie said, still worried. So many things happened; how could she feel at ease? After all, how painful must it be for someone like Oliver to say it hurt?

Rosy was shocked. After Oliver’s accident at 15, which almost destroyed him, he had never complained about pain. She looked at the man lying on the bed who wore a lazy expression on his face at this moment and thought to herself, ‘How is he in pain?’
Nonetheless, Rosy still said, “Don’t worry, Mrs. Windsor. His physique is truly one of the best I’ve seen in my years of practice.”

At the same time, Rosy sighed inward. ‘This adorable little cutie is being deceived by Oliver, the big bad wolf!’

Then after giving a few reminders, Rosy left, not wanting to disturb their time together, lest she be killed by someone’s cold gaze. When she was at the door, she suddenly stopped and said, “Oh, by the way, Oliver, you have to restrain yourself from any vigorous activity. Wait until you recover before you do anything strenuous. Don’t do anything that’ll aggravate the injury on the back of your lower hip.”

Initially, Natalie listened very attentively, thinking that Rosy had something important to say. However, when she listened to the words, coupled with Rosy’s meaningful expression, her face turned beet red. She did not expect Rosy, who seemed mature and aloof, would also tease them. If Rosy was not a woman, she would have thrown something at Rosy without a second thought.

After Rosy left, Natalie coughed awkwardly. Thinking that Rosy said Oliver could have some water now, she asked, “Do you want some water?”

Oliver nodded.

When Natalie walked over, she realized that Oliver could not really move now. How was he going to drink water while lying down?

“I’ll go and get you a straw.”

“Do you want everyone to know about my condition?” Oliver asked, displeased.

‘I’m not paralyzed. This is just a temporary inconvenience!’

He had ended up in this state largely because he protected her. If he had not shielded her, he would not have been shot. He also would not have exerted all his strength to jump out of the car and take the brunt of the fall.

Thinking of this, Natalie sighed and asked patiently, "Well, what do you want to do then?"

"Feed me," Oliver said as he stared at Natalie’s lips.

Natalie had little experience with romance, let alone intimate experiences, but she had seen this kind of plot in many TV dramas. She covered her mouth and looked at him in shock, showing her disapproval.

"Oliver Windsor, that's disgusting!"

Although he had only ever heard her addressing him by his full name when she was annoyed or angry, he found that it sounded pleasant. He said with rare playfulness, “I don’t think you’re disgusting.”

Natalie blushed and did not know what to say.

‘Why is this man so shameless?‘

"If you don't want to drink, then forget it!"

Natalie put the cup aside.

"Natalie, you owe me, and you'll never be able to repay it in this lifetime," Oliver suddenly said.

In the past twenty years, Natalie had never owed anyone as much as she owed Oliver. Indeed, she would never be able to repay what she owed him.

Seeing that his pale lips were dry, Natalie eventually compromised. She said, “Why don’t I support your head, and you can have a sip?”

Oliver was heavy. Even if she was just supporting his head, she still felt that it was quite strenuous.

Just as she was about to bring the cup to him, his left hand suddenly reached out from under the covers and grabbed the back of her neck, pulling her downward and kissing her.

Natalie’s eyes widened, caught off guard. Her hand shook, causing the water to spill from the cup.

At this moment, the door was pushed open.

“Oliver, Rosy said you woke up!”

When Isaac and Wyatt saw the scene in the room, they froze, not knowing whether to advance or retreat.

Natalie’s body covered Oliver, looking like she was on top of him, and her hand held an empty cup.

Isaac and Wyatt did not seem to see Oliver’s hand on the back of her neck, and they only thought that Natalie took the initiative to kiss Oliver.

“Uh, sorry, we didn’t see anything! We’ll leave first!”

Isaac and Wyatt exchanged a glance before quickly slipping away.

"Come back!"

Both of them froze and turned back.

Natalie and Oliver had already separated. Oliver lay on the while Natalie stood at the side blushing, too embarrassed to look at them.
"I'll ask the nurse to change your sheets," Natalie said, trying to change the topic.

However, Isaac said teasingly, “Natalie, I didn’t know you’re so assertive!”

Natalie glared at Oliver, telling him with her eyes to explain the situation.

Can't you say something to explain it?!

"Alright, stop teasing her,” Oliver said, despite enjoying the show. Then, he said to Natalie, “Why don’t you go and hang out Rosy?”

His voice was filled with tenderness and indulgence when he spoke to her.

"What about the bed sheets? It’s wet..."

"I'll have someone change them."

Natalie was eager to leave, so she hurriedly bade farewell to Isaac and Wyatt before leaving the room.

As soon as the door closed, the atmosphere became tense immediately.

The playful expression on Isaac’s face also vanished immediately. After a night of investigation, he and Wyatt had also figured out the situation.

“The person tailing you yesterday was an assassin from the DIE Organization. Two weeks ago, someone put out a hit on you.”
###Chapter 85 I want to eat, you
“The assassin from the DIE Organization was a new hire. When you left the bar yesterday without your bodyguards, he decided to take action…”

In other words, Natalie was only involved in this matter because of Oliver. In fact, if Wyatt and Isaac did not call her out last night, she would not have experienced those terrifying things.
Wyatt could not help but feel nervous when he thought about this.

"Oliver, few people know that you’re the boss of RK Group. Very few people also know your appearance. For you to be targeted, I suspect an insider leaking information,” Isaac said, analyzing the situation.

"We have a few suspects previously. Go and investigate,” Oliver said coldly with a hint of anger. He also thought that it was likely that someone had betrayed them.

"Alright," Wyatt, who was usually in charge of tasks like this, replied. Then, he added, “Oliver, there’s something strange about this. After this incident, the leader of the DIE Organization, D, didn’t make arrangements for the deceased assassin’s family. It’s said that… the assassin targeted someone he shouldn’t have…”

"Targeted someone he shouldn’t have targeted?”

Oliver narrowed his eyes. He was the target, and the only person with him at that time was Natalie. In short, the person the assassin should not have targeted was Natalie.

Wyatt had long come to this conclusion, hence he hesitated when he spoke earlier. He said, “No one knows who D really is…”

Isaac muttered, “This can’t be right. D’s influence in the secret society is no less powerful than that of Oliver. His identity is also as mysterious as that of Oliver. He doesn’t seem like someone Natalie would know…”

The more Isaac thought about it, the more he was convinced it was impossible for Natalie to have any connection with Roger at all, which would have been true if it were not for Roger’s past and the unexpected encounter at the hospital previously.

After a moment, Isaac asked, suddenly changing the topic, “Oliver, when do you plan to reveal your identity?”

Oliver’s gaze fell on the wedding ring on his left hand as he replied, “Soon.”

…

When Natalie entered Rosy May's office, Rosy was watching a show, looking very amused as she chuckled to herself. She looked very relaxed, not at all like a top doctor at this moment.

Rosy turned off her iPad, seemingly unaware of the strange expression on Natalie’s face as she explained, “Although this show seems absurd, it’s a great way to relieve stress.”

Natalie was going to ask Rosy about Oliver’s condition and also instructions for his subsequent care. However, before she could do so, Rosy, who was single, said with a sigh, “Hey, how did a bad-tempered person like Oliver manage to marry a gentle woman like you? This world is so unfair!”
‘Dr. May, must you tease me all the time?’

Rosy was in a cheerful mood, and she was particularly chatty toward Natalie, whom she had a good impression of. She continued to say, “To be honest, I really didn’t want to have anything to do with Oliver in the beginning. After all, I’d feel intimidated just seeing him. However, later on, I found out he was Arthur’s older brother, and we became acquainted. As time passed, I realized he’s not only talented, but he’s a good person as well. His personal life is also clean. Well, as for his bad temper, I guess it’s a common trait among geniuses…”

Although Rosy was praising Oliver, Natalie was only focused on one thing.

“Arthur?”

"Arthur is his brother. He’s two years younger than Oliver, and he’s a medical genius. However, they two had some issues several years ago and have fallen out since…” Rosy said. Then, she could not help but warn, “It’s best if you don’t take the initiative to mention this matter to Oliver.”

"Alright," Natalie replied. However, she could not help but feel like she had heard the name before.

…

When Natalie returned to the ward, Isaac and Wyatt had already left, and Charles had brought some important documents over for Oliver.

The hospital bed was slightly raised, and Oliver sat on it, holding a pen in his left hand. As Charles handed the documents to him, he signed his name smoothly and neatly.

Natalie looked at him. She could not read what was written on the document, but she could see the name he had signed: Simon Frost. She was not particularly surprised, chalking it up to another one of his aliases and identities. When she finally looked away, she finally noticed Oliver staring at her. She quickly waved her hands and explained, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to peek! I only saw your signature, nothing else!”

“Is there something you want to ask me?”

Oliver made no move to hide the documents. It was clear he did not mind Natalie knowing about this.

In fact, there were very few people in the world who knew that Simon Frost, the person in control of RK Group, and Oliver were the same person.

Charles stood respectfully and quietly by the side.

Natalie thought about it for a moment. When her eyes fell on his hand holding the pain, she asked, “Are you left-handed? I didn’t know this! Your handwriting is really beautiful…”"You..."

A slight twitch could be seen at the corner of the usually emotionless Charles’ lips when he heard this question.

Oliver looked at her, unsure of what to say of the foolish woman in front of him.

In fact, Natalie was curious, but she was just not curious enough to investigate or ask about it. She glanced at her phone and saw that it was almost noon, so she said, “Dr. May said you can eat now. Should I buy you some food?”

"No, cook for me,” Oliver said. He did not even like the meals cooked by the top chef at home. How could he like the food bought from outside?

“Alright, is there anything you want to eat?” Natalie asked. She was also worried that the food bought from outside would not be clean or nutritious enough, so she did not refuse him. Moreover, there was a small kitchen in the VIP ward, provided for family members of VIP patients to cook.

Oliver looked at her face, which was bathed in the golden sunlight. He could even see the peach fuzz on her face at this moment. After two seconds, he replied, “You.”

Charles immediately took a step back and lowered his head slightly, pretending that he did not hear anything.

Natalie’s cheeks flushed red immediately.

‘H-how can he say such things?! Charles is right here! Did he hit his head last night?! After all, he’s been behaving abnormally!’

Satisfied after seeing the embarrassed expression on Natalie’s face, Oliver said calmly, “Just cook whatever.”

Natalie did not respond, still fuming over his behavior.

Oliver smirked and asked teasingly, “What are you thinking? Why are you blushing?”

“Nothing!” Natalie said with a pout, annoyed. Then, she quickly grabbed her bag before she left the room.

Oliver chuckled softly as he looked at the woman’s red ears.

…

Coincidentally, there was a large supermarket near the hospital, so Natalie went there to buy groceries.

Since Oliver was still recovering, she decided to cook something light and nutritious.

Halfway through shopping for groceries, Natalie suddenly felt that someone was following her.
###Chapter 86 Am I afraid of pushing someone off track?
Natalie pretended to turn around casually, looking for the person who was following her but did not see anyone suspicious.

‘Did I imagine it, or is the other party too good at hiding?’

After experiencing a life-or-death situation last night, Natalie had become more alert. It was better to be safe than sorry, after all. She deliberately walked toward the frozen food section, hoping to use the reflective surfaces there to see if there was anyone suspicious following her.

However, she still did not see anyone.

"Excuse me. Goods coming through! Be careful!”

An employee suddenly came out of the staff room, pushing out a stack of crates about two meters high.

Natalie was just about to make way and move to the side when a young couple, who were playfully fighting behind her, accidentally pushed her into the middle of the aisle.

The crates were stacked up high, so the employee did not see Natalie, who suddenly appeared in his path.

Everything happened too quickly. Natalie did not have time to move. She stood frozen, looking at the crates.

At the critical moment, a figure rushed over, grabbing Natalie’s waist and lifting her up before dodging to the side.

The employee, oblivious to what had almost happened, pushed the crates forward.

Meanwhile, a few customers, who had witnessed what happened, expressed their concern.

“Miss, are you okay?”

"You should really thank this young man. He saved you!”

Someone turned to the couple and said, “Hey, did you not learn any manners? Stop fooling around in public. What if something had happened earlier? Who will take responsibility, huh?”

The other customers looked at the young couple angrily.

Ashamed, the young couple quickly apologized to Natalie and left.

Meanwhile, after learning about the situation, an employee came over to ask if Natalie was hurt.

“Thank you, I’m fine,” Natalie replied absentmindedly. Her attention was focused on the man who saved her and was still currently holding her.

The man wore a black mask that covered most of his face, only revealing a pair of beautiful eyes. He seemed to have a wild and ruthless aura.

The more Natalie looked at him, the more she felt that his eyes resembled those of Roger Wild.
She shifted her gaze from his eyes to his silver hair before she called out, “Roger Wild?”

Roger Wild raised an eyebrow. Although his silver hair was quite conspicuous, he was still slightly surprised that she recognized him so quickly despite only meeting him once.

Seeing that he did not refute her, Natalie asked, sighing in relief, “Were you following me earlier? You scared me. I thought some bad person was after me.”

Roger was amused by her words, and the corners of his lips hidden under his mask curved up slightly. After all, this was the first time someone thought that he, D as the assassin, was not a bad person.

At this time, seeing that the duo was familiar with each other, an old lady standing at the side said, “Oh, so he’s your boyfriend! He’s really amazing! He acted really quickly earlier. I didn’t even see where he came from!”

Natalie laughed awkwardly and said, “No, he’s not my boyfriend.”

Earlier when she was pulled away, Natalie’s legs were weak. However, now that she had regained her strength, she subtly moved out of Roger’s arms.

He did not take advantage of her or make things awkward, naturally letting go of her.

The old lady, who seemed to like playing Cupid, said, “He’s not your boyfriend? Then you should consider going on a date with him. Your meeting is fated. Moreover, he saved you earlier!”

Natalie inexplicably felt like she was cheating on Oliver at this moment. She only smiled at the enthusiastic old woman before she quickly pulled Roger away.
Roger did not seem to care about what people thought or said, so she did not expect him to explain anything. Given the current situation, she thought it was best to just retreat out of sight.

Roger looked at the hand that was holding his wrist. The hand was delicate and soft.

After leading Roger to a corner with fewer people, Natalie turned around before she bowed at him and said solemnly, “Thank you for saving me earlier…”

If it was not for him, she did not know what would have happened to her. After all, there were so many crates, and each of them was heavy.

Roger did not care about this. He leaned against the wall, crossing his legs as he asked, “Have you decided?”

"Huh?"

"What do you want as your repayment," Roger asked, referring to the time she saved him at the hospital.

Natalie smiled and said, "No need for repayment. I saved you that day because you resemble someone I knew. In fact, uh, even your name is the same. In any case, there’s no need to thank me. By the way, is your injury better?”

Roger did not expect that Natalie would not want anything in return. He said, “Let me thank you. You have nothing to lose. Or, are you afraid of me and don’t want to get involved with me?”
Natalie replied truthfully, “Both of them. Also, since you have no connection to that person from my past, I don’t think there’s any need for us to interact any further. After all, we… we’re not from the same world.”

Being rejected by a woman for the first time, Roger felt a sense of novelty. He pulled his mask down, revealing his stunning face before he leaned closer to Natalie.

Natalie retreated in fear until her back hit the shelves behind her.

Roger lifted his hand and pointed at the neckline of Natalie’s shirt.

Alarmed, Natalie raised her voice as she called out, "Mr. Wild!"

At the same time, she covered her body in a defensive posture.

"Move your hands," Roger said in a commanding tone, used to ordering people around and even more used to complete obedience from others.

He ignored Natalie’s angry glare as he reached out for the necklace hanging around her neck. His emotions were unreadable as he held the pink diamond ring hanging from the chain and asked in a slightly icy voice, “Is this an accessory?”

"Wedding ring," Natalie said as she pulled the ring back, “Mr. Wild, I’m already married, so please don’t act in ways that might cause my husband to misunderstand me.”

Although he had not done anything inappropriate, her goodwill toward him had already been replaced by vigilance at this moment.

Roger let out a low chuckle. In fact, he did not have that kind of interest in her, but hearing her words now, he could not help but say teasingly, “I’m an assassin. I’m not even afraid of killing people. Why would I care if you’re married or not?”

"You!"

Natalie looked around anxiously and realized that there was no one else nearby. She glared at him angrily and said, “Let me tell you. I’ll remain absolutely faithful to my marriage!”

Roger only found her angry expression amusing. How could he, an assassin, be afraid of her? He could not help but burst out laughing.

"Mr. Wild, like I said before, you don’t owe me anything. You saved me earlier, so just take that as the repayment. Goodbye! I hope you won’t make me regret saving you!” Natalie said before she quickly pushed her shopping cart away, looking as though a terrifying beast was chasing after her.
###Chapter 87 Natalie's True Identity
Roger’s smile remained on his face as he watched her leave, thinking that she had said she was faithful to her marriage, not her husband or love.

Indeed, Natalie did not marry Oliver out of love. She had a chance to ask Roger to take her away from Oliver, but she did not seize it.

‘Is this woman the one whom my little brother loved? Alas, she’s now someone else’s wife…’

His meeting with Natalie at the hospital was a coincidence. When he saw her face, he had found her vaguely familiar but did not think much of it. After all, he had only seen her once when Roger Wild died. He had seen her on the cliff, refusing to believe that Roger Wild had fallen. It was only when she mentioned his brother’s name that he recalled who she was.

After his brother’s death, he had taken on his brother’s name.

Roger shrugged, thinking to himself, ‘If she doesn’t want my help, then so be it. I’ll just make sure to refuse any mission related to her in the organization…’

With this, he felt there was no longer any need to follow Natalie.
Just as Roger was about to leave the supermarket, Natalie happened to be standing in line to pay for her groceries. At this time, she pushed her long hair to the back, revealing two distinct and unique moles below her ear, which were red and brown respectively.

Roger froze immediately. His eyes were fixed on the two vertical moles below her ear. His eyes, which had been devoid of emotions for years, surged with tumultuous waves.

When Natalie sensed Roger’s piercing gaze, she looked at him in confusion. However, seeing that he did not say anything, she quickly paid for her things and left. However, she had just walked out of the supermarket when her wrist was grabbed from behind. With this sudden movement, the medium-sized shopping bag in her hand hit her leg twice, causing her to gasp in pain.

Roger took the shopping bag from her and said, “Let me carry it for you.”

"Mr. Wild, what exactly do you want from me?" Natalie asked indignantly. She usually had a good temper, but she could not help but feel angry at the man who resembled Roger Wild.

"Did you used to live in Tycoon City?"

Natalie looked at Roger, surprised by the myriad of emotions fleeting across his face. There was nervousness, anticipation, eagerness, and gratitude. After all, he had always seemed emotionless. After a moment, she replied, “Yes. How did you know?”

Natalie and Lucas had lived with their mother in Tycoon City before living with the Watsons.

Roger suppressed the excitement in his heart, unused to so many emotional fluctuations, and asked, “Do you remember the person you met outside of Starry Grid Elementary School when you were a child?”
He did not say that the person was him.

Natalie looked at him strangely and said, “I don’t remember much of that time.”

"Are you sure? Think again.”

Natalie shook her head and said, “I really don’t know. I had a high fever when I was nine, and I don’t remember anything before that. I don’t think I know the person you’re looking for. Moreover, Starry Grid Elementary School was a top school in Tycoon City. My mother couldn’t even afford to meet our basic needs, let alone send us to school.”

Roger could not believe that he had identified the wrong person. After all, there were many people with red and brown moles below their ears. However, there were very few people with a red and brown mole stacked vertically behind their ears. Moreover, there was a small mark on her brown mole, looking exactly like the mark he had left when he accidentally poked it with a pencil when he was a child. With this, he was certain that he was not mistaken.

"Mr. Wild, I still have something else to do. Goodbye," Natalie said, glancing at the time. If she returned any later, who knew when Oliver would be able to eat?

"Nat..." Roger called out, using her past nickname, but Natalie did not react at all.

‘Does she really not remember anything? Even if she doesn’t remember, why would she say that she was poor?’

Roger thought that Natalie had changed a lot compared to when she was a child. She had become even more beautiful, gentle, and resilient than he had imagined.
The image of the little girl wearing a princess dress with big eyes, shining and looking like a doll, kept appearing in his mind.

To hide from enemies, Roger was sent by his father to live with an ordinary family in Tycoon City as a child. The father of that family was violent and often physically abused him and the mother after drinking.

He would always remember the first time he met her. At that time, he was practicing martial arts in a corner of the old house. A little girl with two braids stood next to the flower bush not far away and asked, “What are you doing? Your arm is bleeding! Aren’t you in pain? Wait, there’s a cut on your mouth as well.”

The little girl was clearly scared, but she still walked toward him with eyes shining like the stars

"Go away!"

He had always been a gloomy child with no patience to deal with such delicate creatures.

The little girl pouted in dissatisfaction. " Why did you scold me?"

"Miss! Why are you here? You're still young. Don’t simply talk to strangers!”

Two men in black suits caught up at this time and stood in front of the little girl, looking at him disdainfully.

The little girl looked at the bodyguards and said, “Can you buy some medicine for him? Oh, get him something to eat as well!”

Then, she turned to him and said, “My name is Nat. What’s your name?”

Back to the present, Roger took a cigarette out and lit it. Until now, he still could not figure out why she would bring him medicine and food almost every day even though she was clearly afraid. There was a time when he almost fainted from a fever, and she was the first one to notice it. He was reminded of their encounter at the hospital; she was clearly terrified at that time, but she still saved him. It seemed like regardless of her fear, she was the type to save someone in need.

After last night's incident, Roger had also guessed Oliver’s hidden identity and investigated Natalie’s background. He was puzzled. How did his Nat become a daughter of the Watson family?

…

Due to Roger’s presence, Natalie did not have time to buy some of the ingredients she needed, so she could only make do with what she had already bought.
###Chapter 88 Acting Coquettish
When Natalie brought the food in, the aroma permeated the room immediately.

At this time, Rosy and Wyatt happened to be in the room.

Rosy asked Wyatt in a low voice, “I thought he’s a very picky eater and doesn’t eat much?”

Wyatt shook his head and replied, "He only likes to eat the food she cooks."

“How disgustingly sweet…” Rosy said teasingly, pretending to shudder.

Wyatt rolled his eyes at the drama queen next to him.

Natalie pulled the table attached to the bed out before she carefully placed the food on the table.

Oliver frowned. “Hey, what is this? Why does everything taste so bland?”

After spending some time with Oliver, Natalie also had a grasp on Oliver’s preferences. She knew he liked heavily seasoned food. However, she deliberately made something that was easier for his stomach since he was still recuperating.

"You’re still injured and recuperating. Moreover, this is your first meal after the surgery. It’s better to have something light,” Natalie said. Seeing that he was still frowning, she continued, trying to coax him, “When you’re fully recovered, I’ll cook whatever you want for you.”

Oliver scoffed coldly, which could be considered an acquiescence.

Meanwhile, Rosy secretly showed Wyatt a thumbs-up. Previously, no one could persuade Oliver at all, but Natalie did it with just a few words.

"Natalie, you have eaten, right? Why don’t you join me and Rosy for a meal later?” Wyatt suggested.

“Oh, I cooked extra food earlier. If both of you don’t mind, why don’t we eat that?” Natalie said.

“Why would we mind? It sounds great!” Wyatt agreed immediately, exchanging a glance with Rosy.

Rosy chuckled and said, “Thanks, Natalie! I happen to be starving!”

Oliver glared at the two people who seized the opportunity to eat Natalie’s food.
‘Are they worthy of the food she made?’

Wyatt and Rosy pretended not to notice Oliver’s displeasure. After all, since Natalie cooked, she had the final say. Moreover, with his pride, they knew he would not stop them from eating in front of Natalie.

Just as Natalie was about to leave to bring the extra food over, Oliver suddenly called out, “Natalie!”

"Hmm?"

Oliver put down his cutleries before he said arrogantly, “Feed me.”

Natalie: !

Rosy May: ?

Wyatt: ...

Rosy doubted her eyes and ears at this moment. Was the usually overbearing and aloof Oliver acting… cute?

On the contrary, Wyatt, who had experienced such scenes, was very calm now.

“You can clearly eat on your own,” Natalie said, blushing. After all, there were another two people in the room."

"Why do you think I got injured?" Oliver asked, not wanting her to serve the other two people.

Wyatt thought to himself, ‘But she wouldn’t have been in danger if it was not for you…‘

Thinking that he had taken a bullet for her and sustained multiple injuries to protect her, Natalie felt guilty once again. She pursed her lips and walked to the bedside before she picked up the cutleries, assuming the role of a caregiver.

With that, Oliver looked at the two people sitting on the couch with a smug expression on his face.
###Chapter 89 Mrs. Windsor's Amazing Skills
“Natalie, we can go and get the food ourselves,” Wyatt said. He stood up immediately and pulled Rosy away.

Natalie felt less embarrassed now that no one was watching her, but she still could not relax. Being in the ward alone with Oliver made her uneasy.

"Try it. It’s good,” Natalie said.

Seeing that he did not object, she blew on the food softly before she brought the spoon to Oliver’s lips.

Oliver could smell the delicious fragrance of mushrooms and chicken. He stared at her slightly in a daze as he recalled her gentle and patient expression and her rosy lips as she blew to cool the food down. When he returned to his senses, he quickly parted his lips. He chewed on the food carefully.

‘As expected, the food she cooks is delicious…’

Seeing that there was no complaint, Natalie silently fed him a piece of beef.

After a while, Oliver suddenly asked, “Who did you take care of in the past?”

He could tell that her actions were skillful. It was definitely not the first time she had fed someone.

"Lucas," Natalie replied as a hint of warmth appeared in her eyes, “I have experience taking care of Lucas. He was weak when he was young, so I had to look after him whenever he fell sick.”

Oliver’s eyes flashed briefly. He felt a twinge of pain in his heart. After all, when Lucas was young, she was not much older than Lucas. She was only four years older than Lucas, but she had to look after Lucas. Later on, the Watsons also did not care about the two siblings, so Natalie had to shoulder the responsibility of looking after Lucas as his older sister.

Oliver had been neglected by his father and had to take care of his brother, so he could empathize with her. He could not help but wonder if he had met her earlier, could he have spared her some hardship?

“Oliver? Do you not want to eat anymore?” Natalie asked, unaware of his thoughts. She only found it strange that he only ate half of what he usually ate.

Oliver did not respond to her question. Instead, he asked, "Have you eaten?"

“Oh, I’ll eat later,” Natalie said. She felt strange seeing that he seemed to be concerned about her.
“I’m full.”

Natalie was perplexed.

‘Does he not have an appetite because of his injury?’

Natalie put away the food before she grabbed a damp towel to wipe his mouth.

Due to their proximity, Oliver could smell her sweet scent. The light was bright enough so he could see the peach fuzz on her face as well. Her focused gaze and gentle movements made her seem like she was caring for someone very important, and it warmed his heart.

A strand of her hair fell as she leaned down, and just as she was about to tuck it behind her ear, Oliver beat her to it. Although his movement was awkward, he was very gentle.

Natalie was stunned by the ambiguous and intimate action while Oliver continued to stare at her silently with a dark gaze. She quickly regained her composure, pretending to be calm while she took a step back. While doing so, she refrained from looking into his eyes, and her ears were slightly red. She said, “I’m going to go eat. Let me know if you need anything.”

Seeing her embarrassed and flustered appearance, Oliver smiled slightly and hummed in agreement. After she left, she looked at the meal she had forgotten to bring away and wondered why he had not invited her to share a meal with him earlier. However, when he thought about how she would likely refuse him because she did not like him, his expression turned cold immediately.

After two seconds, Oliver skillfully picked up the cutlery with his left hand and continued eating.

…

Rosy did not expect that she and Wyatt would be able to try the food that Natalie made, which Isaac had failed to taste previously. Unable to contain her excitement, she took a few photos and sent them to Isaac, intending to boast about it.

Rosy: The food Natalie made is amazing!

…

Isaac had returned to the company earlier to deal with some important work. If he had known that he would miss out on Natalie’s food, he would not have returned to the office even if it meant losing a million-dollar deal.

Isaac suppressed the unfairness he felt and sent a reply.

Isaac: Where’s Wyatt?

He waited for Rosy’s reply with a hint of anticipation. If Wyatt did not eat Natalie’s food, he would feel better.

Alas, he received a photo of Wyatt happily eating.

Isaac: How can both of you do this to me?

…

Rosy laughed gleefully. She could sense Isaac’s frustration through the screen and continued to taunt him.

Rosy: Ah! It’s so delicious! Her skills are definitely on par with that of a Michelin chef!

Just as Rosy was about to send another message, she received a prompt notifying her that she was no longer friends with Issac.

Seeing that Isaac had deleted her out of annoyance, Rosy muttered, “Childish!”

At this moment, the door swung open.

As soon as Rosy saw Natalie, she called out, “Natalie!”

"Is the food to your liking?"

"It's delicious!"

Wyatt gave Natalie a thumbs-up. Now he understood why Charles had to return to Rosewood Estate every day to pick up food for Oliver. The food she made was truly delicious.

Natalie was slightly embarrassed by the praise. She said, “I prepared the food according to Oliver’s condition, so it’s a bit bland. I’ll cook for you another time.”

"There’ll be another time?" Rosy asked, smiling in delight.

Natalie laughed, thinking that Rosy was really easy to get along with.

…

After the meal, Wyatt left the hospital, and Rosy returned to her office.

When Natalie returned to the ward, the nurse had already cleared the table for Oliver.

Oliver was looking at some documents on his laptop at this moment.

Natalie glanced at it and asked, “It’s in French?”

“Do you know French?” Oliver asked, surprised."

Natalie nodded. "Just a little."

"Read it for me," Oliver said, wanting to know the extent of her knowledge.

"Me?" Natalie pointed at herself as she said, " Aren’t you worried about me knowing your company secrets?"

Oliver resisted the urge to ruffle her hair and said, “Just read it.”

Legally, half of RK Group’s assets belonged to her, so it did not matter even if she read the document.

“Oh,” Natalie replied reluctantly, worried that if something happened in the company, she would be implicated.
###Chapter 90 The Ears Are Ready to Get Pregnant
In fact, Natalie’s French was good. Her accent was also authentic.

Many people said that French was the most romantic language in the world, and Oliver did not think much of it until today.

He thought that he had never heard anyone speak French so gently before. Her voice sounded melodious, turning the dry content of the document into poetry.

Suddenly, Natalie paused and said, “Uh, I don’t recognize this word…”

Oliver took a look and read the word aloud. It was not a very common word, so he was not surprised that she did not know the word.

Natalie looked at him in a daze.

‘He sounds so good when he speaks French!’

"How long did you learn French?" Oliver asked curiously.

"Well..." Natalie thought for a moment before she replied, "I became interested in it during middle school and taught myself on and off for about three years."

Natalie was quite talented and was quite successful at learning the language on her own.

Oliver felt a strange sense of pride that even he did not notice. He continued to ask, “What other languages do you know?”

“That’s about it,” Natalie said vaguely, lying. She knew some Russian and Spanish, but her knowledge was only superficial. She was not proficient enough to show off.

After a moment, she looked at Oliver curiously and asked, “What languages do you know?”

After all, he had once stunned the nation with his talents.

"Japanese, Russian, German, Portuguese, Spanish, and French," Oliver said. Seeing the admiration and awe on her face, he continued, “Danish, Swedish, Sanskrit, and a few others, but I’m not very fluent…”


‘His skills are terrifying!’

Natalie had always been praised by her teachers and classmates for her intelligence. She also ranked first in her class multiple times despite missing her classes. However, she really could not compare to the man in front of her at all. She felt as though she had been overwhelmingly defeated.

She could not help but mutter under her breath, “Ah, I shouldn’t have asked you that.”

Oliver’s lips curled up slightly. He had received countless praises in the past, but he rarely felt this proud.

“Oliver, you need to rest more,” Natalie said, changing the topic and hinting that he should stop working."

Oliver was a workaholic, after all. He naturally did not listen to her. He only gestured at the couch with his chin and said, “Sit over there.”

Natalie pursed her lips, thinking he found her naggy. Since she had nothing to do for now, she took a seat on the couch. As soon as she sat down, a wave of fatigue washed over her immediately. Huddled by Oliver’s bed the previous night, she managed to rest for a few hours.

She leaned back and looked at the man on the bed as sunlight streamed into the room, casting a golden glow on the man’s perfect face. She carefully studied his face, thinking that he was truly handsome. He looked even more charming when he was focused on his work. She did not think many women would be able to remain unmoved when they saw his face. With this face, once his true identity was revealed, many women would definitely go mad for him. At that time, when he grew tired of her, it would be her cue to leave.

Natalie's eyelids grew heavier and heavier, and it did not take long before she fell into a deep sleep.
###Chapter 91 She is Mr. Windsor's Wife
After Oliver replied to an email from Europe, he looked up and saw the delicate woman sleeping on the couch. He could tell that she was exhausted. He had never taken care of a woman before. The only person he had taken care of was Arthur, but Arthur, just like him, hardly needed care, especially when Arthur grew older.

It was only at that moment that he seemed to realize that she had been taking care of him all day. Moreover, she had likely stayed up all night as well during and after his surgery. A rare hint of distress and guilt rose in his heart immediately.

He removed the needle from the back of his hand. As soon as he got off the bed, he felt a sharp pain in his legs. However, he did not even pause as he endured the pain and walked toward Natalie with the thin blanket he had picked up from the bed.
When he sat down on the couch, their combined weight caused Natalie’s body to tilt toward him. In just a moment, her head was already resting on his shoulder.

Despite his injured shoulder, he did not feel pain at all at this moment. The distress in his heart grew stronger as he looked at the dark circles around her eyes. He raised his hand and covered her with a blanket before he gently kissed her forehead.

The sun was setting at this moment, lighting up the skies with a mixture of colors.

Oliver quietly watched the peaceful sleeping face of the woman, restraining the desire to touch her face.

This was the scene that Rosy May saw when she came in to do a routine check-up.

Rosy exclaimed in surprise, “Oliver…”

However, Rosy swallowed her remaining words when she saw the look he shot her, clearly asking her to leave.

Rosy did not leave immediately. Annoyed, she walked over reluctantly and reminded in a hushed voice, “You need to lie down and rest! Your legs are injured. Also, don’t you know that your shoulder is injured? Right now you…”

Suddenly, Natalie frowned and murmured something, clearly disturbed from her peaceful slumber.

"Get out!" Oliver said in a low voice.

‘He really doesn’t care about his body at all!’

Rosy shook her head helplessly. At the same time, she wondered how someone as despicable as Henry could raise two sons, Oliver and Arthur, who were so different from him. The younger brother severed ties with his older brother for a woman while the other brother neglected his health and life for a woman.

Rosy sighed inwardly. ‘This is a recipe for disaster.’

…

When Natalie finally opened her eyes, it was already dark outside the window. She remembered that Oliver was still working before he fell asleep, but now he was next to her. With this discovery, she jumped up in surprise, asking, “Why did you get out of bed? Was I… was I resting on you earlier? Why didn’t you wake me up? Did I touch your wound?”

Natalie could not hide her concern at all at this moment, and when Oliver saw this, his heart was suffused with warmth. He casually picked up the blanket next to him and covered himself as he said, “I’m hungry.”

"Let me help you back to bed before I prepare dinner.”

Oliver stopped Natalie from helping him and said, “Go prepare dinner.”

Natalie looked at him, confirming that he was fine. She thought that he was just moody and did not want to see her now. With this, she left to prepare dinner.

She was unaware that after she left, Rosy and a nurse came immediately.

"Didn’t you feel your wound reopening?" Rosy grumbled as she lifted the thin blanket.

Blood had already seeped out, staining the blue and white hospital gown.

“Less talk, more action,” Oliver said impatiently. He knew that Natalie usually did not take a long time to cook. He wanted the treatment to be done before she returned.

Rosy frowned before she instructed the bodyguards who came in to help Oliver back to the bed. Then, she ordered the nurse to assist her as she dealt with his reopened wound.

“Your legs need another x-ray. Please stop acting recklessly. Otherwise, your wife is going to think that I’m an incompetent doctor!”

At this moment, the door suddenly swung open.

"Windsor, are you alright?"

Cadence rushed in with a Prada bag slung over her shoulder. A worried expression could be seen on her face as she held Oliver’s hand tightly.

Oliver looked at the hand holding his with a gloomy expression.

Worried that Oliver would lose his temper, Rosy removed Cadence’s hand and said, “Miss, Mr. Windsor is injured. Please let go.”
In the years Rosy knew Oliver, she had only seen him being physically intimate with Natalie. She knew very well what he was like.

"Why are you here?" Oliver asked. His voice was very cold and distant.

"I ran into Isaac, and he told me about your condition," Cadence said before she complained with a pout, “Why didn’t you tell me that you’re injured?”

In fact, Isaac did not deliberately tell Cadence about it. He had intentionally spilled the beans.

After changing into a new hospital gown, Oliver said, “I’m fine. You can leave.”

"I don't want to leave!" Cadence said with a pout, “I want to look after you!”

"My wife will look after me," Oliver said impatiently.

At this time, Natalie entered the room, holding a tray in her hands.

“Oh, do we have a guest?”

Cadence frowned. After a beat, she said, “It’s you again?”

Previously, at Starry Hotel, Natalie did not get a good look at Cadence due to how dark the room was. As such, she looked at the glamorous young woman and asked, “Excuse me, you are…”

"You don't recognize me? We've met before!" Cadence said indignantly. She felt that Natalie was deliberately provoking her.

‘Do I have to recognize you? Moreover, you didn’t even say where we met…’

Natalie shook her head earnestly, indicating that she really did not recognize Cadence.

Rosy held back her laughter, amused that Natalie was able to rile the arrogant Cadence up. She said, “Mrs. Windsor, this is Candace Aura.”

Then, Rosy turned to Cadence and said, “Cadence, this is Mr. Windsor’s wife.”

"Hello, Miss Cadence," Natalie politely greeted.

Cadence scoffed in disdain. At this time, she saw Oliver staring at Natalie, and her anger surged immediately. She noticed the food tray in Natalie’s hands, and without another thought, she knocked it straight to the ground.

The wooden tray clattered to the ground loudly, and the ceramic plates shattered immediately.
###Chapter 92 Mr. Windsor, Natalie is the one who should leave!
"What on earth did you cook? Don’t you know Windsor is very picky about his food?” Cadence said contemptuously, “Natalie, right? Let me tell you, Windsor won’t eat such cheap food. Stop wasting your time and effort!”

"Miss Cadence!" Rosy said reproachfully with an unfriendly expression on her face. She had never liked Candace, but as an adult, she had maintained civility. However, Candace had really crossed the line this time.

Meanwhile, Oliver placed the pillow to the side and stared at Natalie silently.

Natalie took a deep breath, glanced at Candace for a few seconds, suppressed her anger, and prepared to crouch down to clean up the mess.

Seeing that Oliver was not angry and that Natalie did not dare to say anything, Cadence became even more audacious. She said, “I’ll look after Windsor from now on. You better leave.”

At this time, Natalie suddenly hissed in pain when she felt a sharp pain on her fingertip, and she quickly withdrew her hand.

Oliver, who was on the bed, rushed over immediately. He pulled her up and held her hand, looking at the cut on her index finger with a frown on his face. Then, he pointed at the door and said to Cadence, “You, get out now!”

Cadence pointed at herself with an expression of disbelief. “Me? Are you confused? She should leave, not me!”

Natalie finally regained her composure after being startled by Oliver’s behavior. She said, “Please lie down. Don’t make a fuss.”

Oliver pressed the communication device on the bedside, and the guard outside the door came in immediately.

Oliver pointed at Cadence and said, “Take her away!”

The guard responded, "Yes, sir!"

"I’m not leaving! I’m the young miss of the Aura family! You can’t touch me! Windsor, I…”
Candace’s voice gradually faded as she was dragged out of the room.

"Check her injury," Oliver instructed after seeing that blood had already trickled out of the cut on her finger.

"This is just a superficial wound. There’s no need to trouble Dr. May. I’ll just put a band-aid on it,” Natalie said. She wanted to pull her hand back, but Oliver’s grip was too strong.

Sensing Oliver’s anger, Rosy quickly said, “No, no, we need to disinfect this. The cut is quite deep.”

Rosy knew that if she did not say anything now, Oliver was sure to blame her for it later.

‘He’s hurt, but he’s still so stubborn!’

While Rosy treated the small cut on Natalie’s finger, Oliver sat on the bed and watched. He thought that Natalie was too fragile. Who knew her tender skin would break with just a slight touch?

After a moment, Oliver began to lecture Natalie.

“Natalie, are you a fool? When someone bullies you, don’t you know how to retaliate?”

‘She’s my wife. No one’s allowed to bully her except for me! She could clearly handle her sister very well. Why is she so timid today?’

Natalie said, feeling aggrieved, “I didn’t retaliate for your sake. She’s your friend after all!”
###Chapter 93 Mrs. Windsor Tears Apart the Mistress
“She’s not my friend!”

‘Who the f*ck needs you to do that for my sake?!’

After Rosy quietly disinfected the cut and put a band-aid for Natalie, Natalie rose to her feet and asked, wanting to confirm the matter, “You really won’t protect her?”

“Do you need to even ask? Why the f*ck would I protect her?”

Oliver felt like he was going to be driven insane by Natalie.

“Alright, then wait for it,” Natalie said before she left the room."

Seeing that Oliver trying to get out of bed again, Rosy hurriedly stopped him. “Don’t move! I can’t let you mess with your body like this! Do you want to end up disabled in the future?”
Then, she continued to say to appease him, “Don’t worry. I’ll keep an eye on your wife. I promise you that not a strand of hair on her head will be harmed!”

…

Natalie did not have to go far.

Cadence did not leave and was sitting on the bench in the hospital corridor with a resentful expression on her face.

"Miss Cadence," Natalie walked over and said, “I forgot to tell you something earlier.”

Cadence stood up and said arrogantly, “You want to apologize, right? Save it! It’s too late, and I won’t accept it!”

Cadence was not tall. She was only the same height as Natalie despite wearing a pair of four-inch high heels.

“It seems like you’ve misunderstood,” Natalie said with a chuckle, “I wanted to tell you to f*ck off!”

"What?!"

Cadence stared at Natalie incredulously.

‘This woman is too audacious!’

“I’m his wife. We’re legally bound together. It’s my responsibility, obligation, and right to take care of him,” Natalie said as Cadence’s smile crumbled, “On the other hand, Miss Cadence, you’re just an acquaintance. What right do you have to tell me to get lost?”

Natalie continued, "You ruined my husband’s dinner, but I didn’t say anything earlier because I was trying to be civilized.”

Cadence stomped her foot angrily, and the sound of her high heels attracted the attention of several nurses nearby. She said, “Hey, who do you think you are to speak to me like this? You’re just the illegitimate daughter of the Watson family! I’m the only daughter of the Aura family!”

Natalie chuckled softly. “Who am I? I’m his wife!”

"So what if you’re his wife? You’re no different from a decorative piece. Sooner or later, you’ll have to make way for me! Do you know that the Aura family is his support? The position of his wife will eventually be mine!”

‘So the Aura family is Oliver’s ally?’

Natalie naturally knew it was common for people in high society to force alliances for mutual benefits.

The Aura family was one of the top ten elite families in Country S, even surpassing the Harrington in Paykston. If Oliver wanted to bring down the Harrington, the Aura family was undoubtedly the best ally.

‘No wonder Cadence knows our marriage situation. She must have known his identity long ago. Coupled with his face, it’s no wonder she’s so infatuated with him…‘

Natalie knew that Cadence was just the beginning. In the future, there would be many more women like Cadence pursuing Oliver.
Perhaps if Natalie truly liked Oliver, her heart would have been pierced by Cadence’s words. Fortunately, she had always been clear about her position.
If Natalie genuinely liked Oliver, those words that Candace had just said would be enough to pierce her heart.

Natalie said indifferently, “Then, Miss Cadence, please wait until you become Mrs. Windsor before you speak to me like this.”

"You… You!"

Cadence was so furious that she could not speak. It was her first time meeting a woman who dared to defy her.

"Miss Cadence, you ruined the dinner I prepared for my husband. As his wife, I can’t allow you to enter the room today,” Natalie said.
In fact, Natalie was usually very mild-tempered. However, she would not show mercy to those who deliberately made things difficult for her. Moreover, being around Jane also made her stronger.

Candace scoffed. “Let’s see you try and stop me!”

Candace knew that Oliver’s bodyguards were aware of his relationship with Aura family. As such, she was confident they would not dare to stop her."

Alas, Candace seemed to have forgotten that she had just been dragged out of the room. Unsurprisingly, when she approached the door, the bodyguards blocked her way expressionlessly, looking as immovable as a mountain.

Upon sensing the mocking gazes directed her way, Candace was naturally humiliated and angry. Before she left, she shouted, “All of you, just wait and see!”

At this time, Rosy, who had witnessed everything, could not help but clap her hands.

“That was amazing, Natalie!”

Another nurse chimed in, “I knew that you and Mr. Windsor are a couple, but I didn’t know you are married! Both of you have a really great relationship.”
In fact, the doctors and the nurses here assumed that Natalie was Oliver’s girlfriend due to how young she looked. None of them expected that she was his wife.

Natalie was rendered speechless by those words. She thought to herself, ‘I think you need to see an ophthalmologist. How did you see that we have a great relationship?’

Although Natalie was very calm when dealing with Cadence earlier, faced with Rosy, she could not help but feel embarrassed. “Dr. May, don’t tease me!”

“No, I really mean it!” Rosy said before she turned around excitedly, wanting to recount the verbal war to Oliver.
Natalie tried to stop Rosy, but Rosy spoke incredibly fast, not giving her a chance to interject at all. Before she knew it, Rosy had already finished telling the story.

Rosy said, filled with praise, “Hey, your wife looks very gentle, but it seems like she’s also fierce. How amazing. She’s gentle, but she knows how to defend herself. Let me tell you, it’ll be difficult for you to find another wife like her!”

“Dr. May...”

Natalie quietly tugged at Rosy's lab coat, trying to stop Rosy. She felt extremely embarrassed. At the same time, she stole a glance at Oliver.

In fact, Oliver had heard everything earlier. Not only did he have a good hearing, but the room was quiet and the door was ajar. He thought that the way she had referred to him as her husband was very pleasing to the ear.

Oliver smiled slightly and beckoned her over. “Come here.”

Natalie struggled for a few seconds before she finally walked over.

Seeing this, Rosy tactfully left the room.

Natalie had just reached the side of the bed when the man who had been lying down suddenly sat up. Without any warning, he reached behind her head and pulled her down before kissing her.

Oliver seemed to have gotten better at kissing.
To Natalie’s shock, she seemed to have gotten used to his breath and closeness. She found that she did not reject him like used to.

After Oliver ended the sweet kiss, he saw Natalie staring at him in a daze. Seeing the expression on her face, his feelings began to surge again.
###Chapter 94 Brother, don't be stubborn
Unfortunately, Oliver’s condition did not allow him to engage in more intimate acts.

Natalie leaned against the edge of the bed, gasping for breath. When she turned to the back, she was horrified to discover that the curtains were not drawn.

Outside the window, Rosy was watching with a gleeful expression on her face.

When the two women’s eyes met, Rosy even smiled at Natalie meaningfully.

‘No! How am I going to face her after this?’

…
When it was time to sleep, Natalie told Oliver she was leaving.

"Where are you going?" Oliver called out from behind.

"I’m going to sleep,” Natalie replied.

"Sleep here," Oliver said as he gestured to the spot next to him.

The hospital bed for VIPs was very wide. It could easily accommodate two people.

"Huh?" Natalie was stunned. Then, she quickly shook her head and said, “There’s an empty room next door.”

"Come over," Oliver said again, not wasting any words. He did not care if there was an empty room or not.

Natalie struggled for a while before she walked over reluctantly and said, “You’re still recovering. It’s not good for me to sleep next to you.”

‘He treats me like a pillow anyway. A patient like him doesn’t need a human pillow…’

Oliver said seriously, “We’re not doing anything on the bed. There’s no harm in sharing a bed.”

‘This person is really…’

Five minutes later, Natalie gave in and resigned herself to sharing a bed with Oliver. She lifted the corner of the blanket carefully, trying to get into bed, when Oliver suddenly reached out to pull her into his arms.

"Watch out for your injury!"

Natalie was shocked. She did not dare to struggle, worried she would aggravate his injury, so she could only stay still in his arms.

"Oliver, don’t be stubborn,” Natalie said patiently, trying to reason with him, “Can you please listen to me and take it easy until your injuries heal?”

Perhaps it was the silence and the night, her voice sounded even melodious to Oliver’s ears.

Oliver tucked a strand of hair behind her ears as he said playfully, “No.”

However, he suddenly thought of something and frowned before he asked, “Does the smell of medicine on me put you off?”

"I’m just afraid of aggravating your injuries,” Natalie said, sighing inwardly. She did not expect that Oliver could be so clingy.

“I don’t care,” Oliver said. He covered her with the blanket and closed his eyes before he ordered, “Sleep.”

Initially, Oliver did not feel much. However, at this moment when Natalie’s soft body was nestled in his arms, he felt a sense of fatigue washing over him. He was still recovering from his injuries, but he had been working the entire day, after all. It was only natural that he felt exhausted.

Natalie stared at the ceiling, wide awake. Oliver’s arm was wrapped tightly around her waist while his body was pressed up against hers. She could feel the strength beneath his warm skin. For some reason, she felt an inexplicable and unfamiliar sense of belonging in his arms.

…

Natalie did not know when she fell asleep. When she opened her eyes, it was already morning.

Golden sunlight streamlined into the room, creating a peaceful atmosphere that momentarily made one forget that one was in the hospital.

Natalie moved and heard a hiss behind her. Only then did she remember that she had slept while Oliver held her. She turned around stiffly, meeting a pair of deep and proud eyes.

“Don’t move around,” Oliver said in a hoarse voice.

"Huh?"

Natalie was puzzled. After a moment, realization dawned on her, and she quickly retreated in panic.

“Y-you, you… How can you be like this early in the morning?”

They were under the blanket, so Natalie could not see anything. However, she could clearly feel him earlier.
###Chapter 95 Intimate Moments of a Couple, Protected by the Country
"This is a normal physiological reaction for men,” Oliver said. His expression did not at all. Clearly, he did not feel awkward about the situation.

“I, I know…” Natalie stammered. However, knowing and experiencing it were two very different things.

Natalie got off the bed clumsily and avoided looking at Oliver as she tidied up her clothes. At the same time, her cheeks turned red again.

At this time, Oliver suddenly said, “Help me.”

"Huh? Help you with what?” Natalie asked, puzzled.

She thought he wanted her to help him sit up, so she reached out to help him.

Just as she extended her hand, he suddenly held her and looked at a certain place meaningfully.

"You..."

Natalie finally realized what he had meant by ‘help me’.

"Help me..." Oliver said again, holding Natalie’s hand.

Natalie stepped back, shaking her head in refusal as she said, “I… I don’t want to…”

Oliver still did not let go of her hand. He looked at her seriously as he said, “Please…”

Natalie looked at him with wide eyes, shaking her head vigorously. However, in the end, she was persuaded by him.

…

Half an hour later.

Natalie’s face was red as she rushed into the bathroom. While she was washing her hands, she suddenly remembered something. She quickly ran out to open the windows for ventilation. She made sure all of the windows were open before she returned to the bathroom.

However, at this moment, someone knocked thrice on the door.

A few seconds later, Rosy pushed the door open.

“Oliver, I’m here to exami…”

Rosy’s voice trailed off nearing the end. She looked at Oliver, the opened windows, and Natalie before she said worriedly, “Didn’t I say that you should avoid vigorous activities during the period of recovery?”

Rosy was a doctor and an adult woman. How could she not understand what had happened?

“No, Dr. May, we, we didn’t…” Natalie stammered, blushing.

Rosy waved her hand and said, “It’s fine, it’s fine. It’s normal for husbands and wives to be intimate. There’s nothing to be embarrassed about. The important thing is to be happy. Being happy is the key to having a long-lasting relationship!”

Natalie covered her face in embarrassment, unable to explain herself. In the end, she could only glare at a certain person resentfully.

At this time, Oliver said, rescuing Natalie from the embarrassing situation, “Aren’t you here to examine me? Don’t talk so much nonsense!”

Rosy May rolled her eyes in response.

Natalie hurriedly bade farewell to Rosy and left the room. She went to the empty room next door, which had been prepared for her, to take a shower.

“Your arms…”

Rosy noticed that Oliver seemed to have aggravated his injuries again, especially the ones on his arms. She was going to admonish him again but ultimately decided against it, knowing that it would only be futile.

Rosy quietly examined Oliver before giving him a few instructions and leaving the room.

Oliver sat on the bed, thinking about Natalie.

‘As long as she’s good to me, I’ll spoil her to the extreme…’

…

Oliver did not want to stay in the hospital any longer. After the third day, he insisted on being discharged. Fortunately, his physique was several times better than ordinary people, and he healed very quickly.

In the end, Rosy could only discharge the unruly patient in her care. However, she told him that he had to use a wheelchair.

Oliver was unsurprisingly resistant to the idea. He did not even use a wheelchair after his accident ten years ago. He did not think he needed to sit in a wheelchair now.

Just as Oliver was about to refuse, Natalie pushed a wheelchair in and said softly, “Oliver, I’ll push you.”

With this, Oliver quickly swallowed the ‘no’ that was hanging from the tip of his tongue back into his stomach.

Isaac had known Oliver for over a decade. He was present during the time Oliver was recovering from the terrible accident ten years ago.

Back then, Oliver was in a terrible state, but he still refused to use a wheelchair. He endured the pain and rather used the crutches than sit on the wheelchair, refusing to show any signs of weakness.

For this reason, Isaac was shocked when he saw Oliver sitting in a wheelchair with a blanket draped over his legs.

"What are you staring at?" Oliver asked coldly.

"Nothing!" Isaac replied. At the same time, he thought to himself, ‘Natalie is really awesome!’

…

Liam had been waiting anxiously at Rosewood Estate for several days now. As soon as the Rolls-Royce Phantom pulled into the driveway, he quickly stepped forward.

“Young Master, are you okay? How do you feel? How am I going to explain this to the Old Madam?”

"Does Grandma know?" Oliver asked.

"Of course not! I daren’t tell her for fear of scaring her into having a heart attack!” Liam said, At the same time, he sighed in relief after confirming that Oliver was fine.

"Don’t worry. I didn’t sustain any major injuries,” Oliver said reassuringly before briefly explaining his condition to Liam.

…

Natalie felt both guilty and grateful toward Oliver even though she knew that the assassin’s target was actually Oliver. However, there was no doubt that he was injured trying to protect her. Due to her guilt and gratitude, she was extra attentive when she took care of him.

While she took care of him, she gradually grew accustomed to him, treating him as her savior.

…

The competition for Top Avenue was about to begin, and Natalie finally finished reading the notice and schedule issued by the organizer. That was when she realized that she no longer had an agent to represent her or help her deal with matters and that she had to handle everything on her own now.

Two hours passed before she finally returned to the master bedroom.

Oliver sat on the oversized, looking at her.

“Oliver, do you need anything?”

Over the past two days, Oliver had been working on the bed. Since his room was usually off-limits to the servants, Natalie had been bringing his documents in and out for him. Once in a while, she even worked as a French translator for him.

“I want to take a shower,” Oliver said in a commanding tone.

"The doctor advised against showering over the next few days. You risk infecting your wounds by doing so,” Natalie persuaded, hoping that the adult man in front of her would listen to reason for once.

“Okay, then wipe me down,” Oliver said.

"W-wipe, wipe you down? Me?”

Natalie almost bit her tongue. At the same time, the image of her muscular body when she first saw him appeared in her mind.

“I… I’ll get one of the servants to help you,” Natalie said.

Oliver stopped her.

"Mrs. Windsor, do you want others to see your husband’s body?"

"I’ll get a male servant to help you!”

In other words, Natalie just did not want to help him wipe his body.

"I don’t feel comfortable with that!"

"Then, I’ll get one of the female servants to help you?” Natalie asked.

Oliver said through gritted teeth, "Natalie!"

In the end, Natalie could only agree. She sighed and reluctantly went to the bathroom to make preparations. She knew he had a slight obsession with cleanliness. He had probably reached his limits after not showering for a few days. It was only right for her to help him clean up as his caretaker.

Natalie returned with a basin of hot water and a towel after a while.

“Can you close your eyes?”

Oliver looked at her red face and ordered, “Undress me.”

Natalie only sighed. She knew it was futile to argue with such a domineering man. Her hands trembled slightly as she touched his clothes. He was dressed in a set of blue checkered loungewear today.

Her breath hitched slightly when she saw his chest. She could not help but feel like a rogue at this moment. When she saw the bandage wrapped around his torso, her embarrassment disappeared completely. She could also see the various scars on his shoulders and arms. Most of them were injuries he had sustained while he protected her.

Oliver was staring intently at Natalie, so he noticed how her expression changed from one of embarrassment to one of guilt. For some reason, it stirred up his emotions again.

After a moment, he said, “Aren’t you going to help me clean up?”
###Chapter 96 The Kissing Lunatic
Natalie did not dare to look up as she wiped Oliver’s body. She could clearly feel his burning gaze on her. She worked quickly, wanting to get this over it was as soon as possible.

When she was finally done, she stood up, ready to leave. However, Oliver suddenly held her hand. She instinctively looked up at him, and when she saw the meaningful look in his light brown eyes, she blushed immediately.

He reached up and held her chin as he said teasingly, “Natalie, you’re blushing.”

“L-let’s… Let’s not do this now…” Natalie said, not knowing where to look. She was so embarrassed she wished the ground would swallow her up.

“You’re my wife. Moreover, you’ve already done it before…” Oliver coaxed in a low voice.

…

In the end, the drawn-out ‘clean-up’ was over.

Natalie hurried into the bathroom, washing her hands frantically. She was slightly panicked and confused at this moment.

After all, she came into this marriage thinking that it would only be a marriage in name. She tried to distance herself from Oliver and her identity as Mrs. Windsor. She had already accepted the reality of only being a trophy wife. However, Oliver’s recent behavior and words seemed to indicate that he took their relationship seriously, bringing their relationship on the right track.

Natalie spent a long time in the bathroom, hiding from Oliver. She showered, washed her hair, brushed her teeth, washed her face, and even blew dry her hair. When she was done, about one and a half hours had passed. She only came out when there was nothing else left for her to do.

Natalie had just sat on the edge of the bed when Oliver asked her, “Why are you wearing so many layers? Take your robe off…”

“Why?” Natalie asked warily. After all, he did not make such demands before.

Oliver raised an eyebrow and asked, “Do you want me to help you take it off?”

"No!"

‘If he helps, things are definitely going to escalate!‘

Natalie stood up, intending to remove her robe in the bathroom.

However, Oliver said, “Just do it here.”

‘This pervert!’

Natalie was helpless against the domineering man. In the end, she could only turn away reluctantly and quickly remove her robe. Following that, she hurriedly jumped into bed, hiding under the covers.

Oliver was stunned by how swift her series of movements were.

…

Natalie found it difficult to fall asleep.

Ever since they returned from the hospital, Oliver had demanded they share one blanket. He would hug her every night, treating her like a human pillow. She was still unaccustomed to it, especially tonight because she was without her robe.

‘Wasn’t he unhappy when he thought I was seducing him before? I thought he was unwilling to have too much contact with me? Why did this man, who used to consider me trash, change so greatly?’

A relaxing fragrance permeated the room. Although Natalie was nervous, she could not resist the hypnotic effect of the fragrance and quickly fell asleep.

On the contrary, Oliver was wide awake. Even a regular sleeping pill would have no effect on him at this moment, let alone a relaxing fragrance.

He looked at the person in her arm who was sleeping with a peaceful and gentle expression on her face. Her presence seemed to dispel the infinite loneliness of the night.

…

After taking care of Oliver for another two days, Natalie made up her mind.

"Oliver, where can I learn how to shoot?"

"Hmm?"

Oliver looked up from his documents, surprised. After all, she did not look like she would be interested in such a thing.

Natalie explained, “I just want to be prepared for any unforeseen circumstances in the future. I don’t want to be powerless if a situation like that day happens again.”

“Are you doing it for me?” Oliver asked in slight disbelief. At the same time, a hint of warmth surged in his heart.

“I promised to be good to you and treat you well,” Natalie said as she thought to herself, ‘… until you decide to divorce me.”

“Come here.”

"..."

Natalie felt that whenever he said these words, things never turned out well for her. Previously, he had kissed her after saying that. She walked over and stopped a few steps away before she looked at him vigilantly and asked, “What’s the matter?”

"Come a little closer,” Oliver said, setting the documents aside.

Natalie took a deep breath with emotions swirling in her hazel eyes. Before she could react, the man had already hooked his long arms around her waist. Her surroundings spun for a moment before she was firmly caught in his arms. When she looked up, his face was already approaching her. In the next moment, she felt the familiar feeling of being kissed again.

‘When did this cold man become so passionate?‘

Natalie could only lean against Oliver, unable to resist his advances. In the end, he only released her when she was almost out of breath. She gasped for air for a long time before she finally managed to muster up some strength and asked, “W-why have you been kissing me so often lately?”
###Chapter 97 Haven't learned to catch my breath yet?
Natalie’s voice grew softer and softer with each word until the final two words were barely audible, just like the sound of a mosquito.

Oliver heard her clearly, but he intentionally asked, “What did you say?”

"I’m asking you why you’ve been kissing me so often lately!”

‘Are you lonely? This is too absurd!’

Oliver’s left hand continued holding her waist as he kissed the corner of her lips. He saw her eyes widen in surprise. After a beat, he asked, “Am I not allowed to kiss my wife?”

"You..."

‘When did you start treating me like your wife? I don’t want to be your wife. It’s better if you treat me like a decorative piece!‘

Natalie naturally did not say those words out loud. She had a feeling that saying them was tantamount to seeking death.

Natalie had always been sensitive to people’s emotions. She could naturally sense the subtle change in Oliver’s attitude toward her. However, she did not know what she did not make him change his opinion of her. In any case, she had become aware that Oliver had some interest in her, but she was unsure to what extent.

Oliver continued to hold her in his arms as he asked, “By the way, it’s been so long now but you still haven’t learned how to catch your breath?”

"It hasn't been that long!" Natalie protested, feeling like he had just insulted her ability to kiss. It was just like when he called her ‘stupid’ in the past.

A mischievous grin appeared on his face immediately, and he said, “Oh? I guess we need to practice some more then…”

Before Natalie could respond, Oliver kissed her fiercely again. At this time, her attention was not on the kiss. She was shocked by the grin she had just seen on Oliver’s face. Most importantly, it held no contempt, mockery, or arrogance. Instead, it was filled with warmth! At this moment, she had a surreal feeling as though she was thawing the ice around him. She felt slightly moved.

Natalie was kissed twice in a row, and her lips felt a bit painful. At this time, it suddenly dawned on her that they were still in the living room. Although the servants had tactfully left the living room, the house’s layout was quite open. This meant that the servants in the dining room could easily see what they were doing as long as they turned around.

Natalie instinctively looked in the direction of the dining room and saw a few maids. When they saw her looking at them, they quickly averted their eyes and pretended to busy themselves with cleaning.

In fact, it was only natural for the servants to be curious. After all, all of them assumed that Oliver would give Natalie a hard time after she married him. Unexpectedly, he did not do that. He even hugged and kissed her in front of everyone.

“O-okay, that’s enough!” Natalie said as she forced herself to stand up. Despite her weak legs, she quickly retreated several meters away from him.

Oliver could not help but chuckle. It contained a hint of arrogance and wildness, which was extremely captivating.

‘She’s so adorable!’

“If you want to learn to shoot, I’ll personally teach you.”

“You, you’ll personally teach me?”

"Why? Are you very happy?"

“… I shouldn’t have mentioned this to you at all!"

Natalie decided to forget about this matter, thinking that Oliver would forget about this matter in a few days.

…

The next day.

Natalie had just come downstairs after her workout when Liam approached her and said, “Young Madam, Miss Cadence is here.”

At this moment, Oliver was in a video conference, and the servants had been instructed not to disturb him when he was working.

Whether it was Cadence or another person, Natalie knew that someone who could come to Rosewood Estate must have a close relationship with Oliver. She was the nominal lady of the house, after all, and it was her duty to receive guests.

As Liam led the way, he said, “She’s in the kitchen.”

When Natalie arrived at the kitchen, she saw a graceful figure standing at the counter, diligently chopping vegetables. Her movements were awkward; it was obvious that she had very poor skills in handling knives. She felt that Cadence’s skills were an insult to the high-quality knives.

When Cadence heard the sound of someone approaching, she looked up. Upon seeing Natalie, she said provocatively, “I’m here to make lunch for Windsor. Since he’s willing to eat the cheap food you made, I’m sure he’ll love the food I make for him!”

Cadence was a typical spoiled young lady who had no interest in household chores. Before coming here, she had taken lessons from a top chef. Not only that, but she also went for a full-body spa treatment and had her makeup done by a famous makeup artist.

Natalie looked at Cadence for a few seconds before she reminded, “Miss Cadence, the potatoes… Please peel them properly before cooking them. Not only is it unhygienic, but it’ll also affect the taste of the food…”

Cadence glanced at the potatoes and sighed inwardly. She had cut the potatoes into pieces earlier, thinking that it would not be noticeable. She did not expect that Natalie not only noticed it but also pointed it out bluntly. Needless to say, she felt embarrassed.

"I know that!” Cadence said. Then, she pointed at Natalie and said, “Come here and help me!”

Natalie shook her head without hesitation and said disdainfully, “Miss Cadence, forgive me for being frank, but your knife skills are an insult to the vegetables…”

“How dare you!” Cadence shouted, losing her temper, “You’re just someone whom Adrian abandoned! If it weren’t for his grandmother, Windsor wouldn’t have married you!

Cadence had investigated Natalie. She knew that Natalie was just an illegitimate daughter of the Watson family. If it were not for an agreement made in the past, there was no way Natalie could have married Oliver.

Cadence suddenly smiled, saying, “Rosewood Estate isn’t a place people can come at will, and yet, I can come and go as I please. What do you think it means? It means that I hold a special place in his heart!”

Natalie lowered her gaze. She recalled the time she was stopped by the security guards when she returned to Rosewood Estate. Based on the fact that Cadence could enter without being stopped, she knew that Cadence’s status was special.

Reason told Natalie that she should not be affected by Cadence’s words and actions. Although their marriage was only nominal and her feelings for Oliver were only gratitude and from her promise to be good to him, she could not help but feel uncomfortable and suffocated. Moreover, in recent days, Oliver had constantly reminded her that she was his wife.

In the end, Natalie did not say anything and turned to leave the kitchen.

Upon seeing this, Cadence smiled triumphantly, thinking to herself, ‘This is what happens when you force your way into the Windsor family!’

…

The main building of Rosewood Estate had an elevator, but it was rarely used. However, now that Oliver was temporarily bound to a wheelchair, it was finally put into use.

As soon as Oliver entered the dining room, he saw Cadence sitting at the table. He looked around and discovered that Natalie was absent. He asked, “What are you doing here?”

Cadence lowered her head shyly as she said coyly, “My father asked me to visit you…”

Cadence liked Oliver, and she was not bothered by his cold treatment. That was why she did not take it to heart when he told her to get lost at the hospital. However, she really could not stand it at that time when she saw Natalie taking care of him when he was injured.

Oliver did not think much of it. It was normal for Cadence’s father to show his concern. He looked at the food on the table silently.

There were baked potatoes, butter chicken, prawns, pan-fried salmon, and German leek and cheese soup.

Oliver was slightly puzzled. These did not seem like what Natalie would usually make for him.

“Let’s eat,” Cadence said with a smile as she arranged the cutleries for Oliver. She looked at him in anticipation, waiting to be praised.

Oliver suppressed his doubts before he took a bite of the butter chicken. In the next moment, he spat it out immediately.
###Chapter 98 Natalie, Are You Jealous?
Olive felt as though he had just chewed wax.

"Is it delicious?" Cadence asked with twinkling eyes.

Oliver took a bit of the salmon, and his expression turned extremely gloomy. After a moment, he asked, “Did you make all these?”

Cadence replied shyly, “Yes. However, I don’t cook often, so I’m not sure if they’re to your taste…”

Despite her words, Cadence was very confident. She had been practicing for three days, and the top chef also praised her skills.

“No wonder it tastes so horrible.”

Oliver dropped his fork and knife loudly on the plate.

Cadence's face turned pale immediately.

“Where’s Natalie? Call her here,” Oliver said with a dark expression on his face.

…

Natalie walked aimlessly in the garden, trying to ignore Cadence’s earlier words. She did not walk for very long before a servant rushed over, informing her that Oliver was angry. When she arrived in the dining room, she could feel the tension in the air.

“Are you trying to starve me?” Oliver asked angrily. He was in a bad mood because he ate the garbage that Cadence made, but he was in an even worse mood because Natalie allowed Cadence into the house to cook for him.

"Didn't Miss Cadence cook for you?" Natalie asked, feeling like she did nothing wrong.

"I want to eat what you cook!"

‘Can this kind of garbage even be considered food?’

Natalie was in a bad mood as well. However, considering his injuries, she could only suppress her frustrations and go to the kitchen to cook.

Tears of grievance had already welled up in Cadence’s eyes at this moment. Oliver’s words were like a slap to her face. She said pitifully, “How could say such a thing? You… You allowed me into Rosewood Estate, so why are you treating me like this?”
’When did I allow her into Rosewood Estate? I thought Natalie let her in?’

Oliver temporarily put this matter aside and said to Cadence, “I’ve already told you that I don’t like you. Don’t waste your time on me.”

“Feelings can be slowly cultivated. You allowed me to come to Rosewood Estate, so why are you treating me like this?” Cadence asked tearfully before she continued to say, “Weren’t you forced to marry Natalie? She only won because of an agreement! I refuse to accept this. Oliver, I’ve liked you for six years! I started liking you since I was 16 years old! I won’t give up so easily!”

Perhaps Cadence was too emotional, she directly addressed Oliver by his name.

Oliver was not moved at all. He no longer wanted to waste time with Cadence and said impatiently, “Liam, see her off.”

Cadence felt extremely unwilling and resentful, but she knew she had no choice but to leave.

…

When Liam returned after seeing Cadence off, he saw that Oliver was still extremely displeased.

"Who let her in?"

"Young Master, it was Old Madam's idea."

Oliver frowned.

Liam coughed awkwardly before he said, “She said that Miss Cadence might help improve your relationship with the Young Madam.”

‘Improve my foot!’

Oliver was speechless. He really did not understand how the old woman on the other side of the world could still meddle in his affairs.

Natalie returned ten minutes later with a plate of spaghetti Carbonara in hand. It looked extremely simple. With just a glance, one could tell that she did not put in much effort at all.

Even Liam could tell that Natalie had deliberately done this.

Oliver crossed his arms and asked, “Are you trying to anger me on purpose?”

The other servants trembled slightly when they heard Oliver’s voice.

Natalie looked away and said, “Of course not. I’m sorry my cooking is not as good as Miss Cadence’s sumptuous spread…”

Seeing the fake nonchalance on her face, Oliver’s frustrations seemed to vanish immediately. He reached out and pulled her closer to him. She quickly braced herself, placing her hands on the table.

Their breaths intertwined. From this angle, she could see his long and thick eyelashes and his eyes that swirled with emotions.

"Natalie, are you jealous?"

"No! What nonsense are you talking about?!"

Natalie was shocked. She had never experienced jealousy before in her life. How could she feel jealous?

Oliver looked at her, amused, as he stroked her hand, “No? Why are you so defensive?”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about” Natalie denied. Although she did feel uncomfortable, she definitely was not jealous of Cadence. Who in their right mind would feel happy with Cadence’s attitude? Moreover, even animals were territorial, let alone her.

This was the first time Oliver had seen Natalie like that. He thought she was very cute, making it hard for him to stay angry. He knew that she did not mean what she said and that she was just shy now. With this knowledge, the simple plate of spaghetti in front of him suddenly looked extremely appetizing!

Oliver released Natalie and began to eat.

Although Natalie did not put a lot of effort into cooking, it was still delicious. The texture of the spaghetti was just nice, and the savory taste of the bacon and the richness of the egg yolk complemented each other perfectly.

‘As expected, with her skills, she can turn even the simplest dish into a delicious meal…’

...

Cadence, the proud young miss, returned home in tears after suffering a setback in Rosewood Estate.

She had liked Oliver for many years, so she could not bear to blame him. Instead, she blamed Natalie and directed all her anger at Natalie.

‘It’s her fault that Oliver treats me so coldly now!’

Mr. Aura was heartbroken when he saw his beloved daughter crying so badly. In the end, he decided to call Oliver.

…

“I heard you’re injured?”

The concerned voice of a middle-aged man came through the phone.

Oliver, who was sitting in his wheelchair, replied, “Hmm.”

Mr. Aura did not beat around the bush and said, “My daughter came home crying after visiting you! She said she was humiliated by a woman in your house. This is the first time I’ve seen her so sad. Based on your relationship with our family, I feel that you should promptly resolve all the misunderstandings between you and Candace. If there’s anyone causing trouble between the two of you, don’t you think they should be dealt with immediately?”

In Mr. Aura’s opinion, Oliver was a good match for his daughter. Previously, he did not say anything because he respected Oliver’s past agreement with the Watson family. However, when he learned that Oliver only married the illegitimate daughter of the Watson family, he changed his mind immediately. After all, how could an illegitimate daughter compare to his precious daughter?
In Mr. Aura's mind, Oliver should marry his daughter.

"Mr. Aura," Oliver looked at the wedding ring on his finger as he said, sounding extremely bored, “Are you trying to tell me what to do?”

“No, of course not!”

Although Mr. Aura saw himself as an elder, he still did not dare to act recklessly in front of Oliver.

Oliver scoffed and said, “Mr. Aura, there are two things you need to understand. First, that ‘anyone’ you mentioned is my wife. You should address her as Mrs. Windsor. Second, I’ve never once said that I’d marry your daughter.”

“What did you say?”

Mr. Aura was extremely anxious when he heard this. This was completely unexpected. The Aura family had been helping Oliver, but Oliver did not intend to marry his daughter at all. He could not accept this. If his daughter married Oliver, not only would it benefit the family, but his daughter genuinely liked Oliver as well. In his mind, they were a match made in heaven and the marriage was a win-win situation.

Mr. Aura tried to persuade Oliver, saying, “You and Cadence grew up together, and your relationship was also quite good. Isn’t it the best situation if our two families are joined together by marriage?”
###Chapter 99 Kiss Me
Oliver said over the phone, “Mr. Aura, please be direct if you don’t want to cooperate with me anymore.”

Even through the phone, Mr. Aura could feel Oliver's powerful pressure and chilling hostility. He grew even more anxious.

Initially, the Aura family agreed to help Oliver because the company was experiencing serious tax issues. In the end, Oliver resolved the problem for them. From the very beginning, Oliver had the upper hand in the deal; it was not a fair collaboration. After all, the Aura family needed Oliver.

Mr. Aura knew better than anyone else that since Oliver was capable of saving the Aura family from the crisis, he was just as capable of pulling them down.

Mr. Aura sobered up immediately and broke out in a cold sweat. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I made a mistake. I shouldn’t have interfered in your personal affairs!”

Oliver ended the call without another word.

The scorching sun was slowly setting behind the western mountain outside the window, emitting a dazzling light.

That was the place he and Natalie had gotten married on a late afternoon. The weather was terrible that day. He had also never seen her radiant beauty when she was a bride.

…

That night, Oliver held Natalie as usual as he went to sleep.

Natalie was still upset, turning her body away from him and trying to get out of his arms, using as little force as possible to avoid aggravating his injuries.

"Don't move!" Oliver suddenly said from behind her. She could feel his warm breath on the back of her neck, causing goosebumps to rise.

"I can't sleep. If you let me go, I won't disturb your sleep," Natalie said, struggling lightly a few times.

Oliver’s left hand was on her waist, so he used his right and reached around, gently caressing her cheek as he asked, “Are you still jealous?”

"What?" Natalie's voice was tense.

"Cadence," he reminded her.

"No," Natalie denied without hesitation, shaking her head.

Oliver held her chin, stopping her movements before he asked again, “Are you jealous?”

A hint of threat could be heard in his voice.

Natalie was going to deny it again, but when she saw his warning gaze, she said, “Yes.”

"What’s yes?"

"Yes, I’m jealous,” Natalie said, sounding aggrieved.

‘How can there be someone so shameless and unreasonable in this world?’

Oliver hummed in satisfaction before he ordered, “Sleep.”

Natalie bit her lip, confused.

‘Is it my imagination, or does he seem to be in a good mood?’

Suddenly, Natalie thought of something and said, “Oh, by the way, the recording for the competition I signed up for has been moved up. It starts tomorrow. I’ll prepare your meals in advance, and you can have your assistant pick them up.”

The only response Natalie got was the silence of the room.

Just when she thought he had fallen asleep, he opened his eyes and asked coldly, “You want to participate in the competition?”

In fact, Oliver had known about this matter a long time ago.

‘Isn't it obvious?’

Natalie silently complained in her heart.

"Kiss me."

Startled, Natalie sat up, causing the blanket to fall off her. She shivered involuntarily from the cold.

Oliver turned on the bedside lamp, and the warm yellow light illuminated his face immediately. A playful smirk could be seen on his face at this moment. His light brown eyes also seemed brighter than usual. He felt like he had gotten addicted to teasing her.

Natalie studied his expression carefully. After confirming that he was serious, she asked weakly, “Must I kiss you first?”

"What do you think?" Oliver raised an eyebrow.

Natalie felt that the expression on his face seemed to say, ‘We’ve kissed so many times. Why are you still so shy?’

“Okay,” Natalie replied softly with her head lowered. Then, she summoned all her courage before she closed her eyes and kissed him.

On the contrary, Oliver kept his eyes open and watched her. There seemed to be a storm brewing in his eyes at this moment.

After a few beats, she opened her eyes tentatively. There was shyness and tenderness in her beautiful eyes, making it hard for him to look away.
###Chapter 100 Oliver's Swollen Lips
Natalie was surprised that Oliver did not take things further. She naturally had no complaints. She quickly pretended to sleep, telling herself to fall asleep quickly before he changed his mind.

When her breathing grew even and she finally fell asleep, Oliver touched his lower back and found that it was damp.

He got up silently and brought the first aid kid into the bathroom. He looked at himself in the mirror as he re-dressed the wound and discovered that his lips were slightly swollen. At this moment, he really could not wait for his injuries to heal.

…

A total of twenty people made it to the finals of Top Avenue. The finals were divided into three rounds, which would take place at different times.

Although modeling competitions were not as popular as singing or dancing competitions, it was still rather popular, especially among those in the fashion industry or those with an interest in the industry.

Many show directors and modeling agencies would scout for new talent during these competitions.

As soon as Natalie arrived backstage, she could feel many unfriendly looks being thrown her way.

"She's here!"

"She doesn’t look like much to me. I can’t believe Cory Clayton said she has unlimited potential. She can’t compare to Arwyn at all.”

"She’s the one in the black floral dress!”

‘Black floral dress?’

Natalie looked down and found that it was indeed what she was wearing.

An exquisitely gorgeous model with long and wavy golden hair and a golden tan to match sat on the couch nearby. Her long and slender legs were crossed at this moment. Her pose accentuated her perfect figure. It seemed like she was even taller than Natalie. At this moment, several other models surrounded, talking to her. Most importantly, Hailey was sitting next to her.

At this time, Hailey whispered provocatively into Arwyn’s ears, “Arwyn, she made quite the splash during the autumn car exhibition! Many people think that she’ll be the champion of this season’s Top Avenue.”

In fact, the hype surrounding Natalie and Cory’s praise were all spread by Hailey to instigate others.

Arwyn, a B-list model, became famous at a young age. If it were not for a major mistake on the runway and two consecutive scandals last year, she would have already become an A-list model. There was no doubt that among the 20 finalists, she was the most famous and influential.

Arwyn and Hailey had known each other for over a year now. Although Arwyn’s family was also quite wealthy, they were not as wealthy as the Watsons. This was also the reason Arwyn treated Hailey, a C-list model, like an equal.

Owen scoffed arrogantly and asked, “You’re Natalie?”

“Yes. Nice to meet you,” Natalie replied.

Arwyn stood up and approached Natalie, towering a few inches over the latter. After sizing Natalie up for a moment, she said dismissively, “With that height, you can only be a model at the local car exhibitions. You’ll have to work hard.”

After saying that, Arwyn turned away. It was as though Natalie was unworthy of her.

Hailey smiled at Natalie provocatively before she hurried over to Arwyn and continued chatting like they were old friends.

Meanwhile, the other models sized Natalie up for a moment before they looked away. Clearly, they had decided to exclude her from the group.

Among them, Arwyn had the highest status in the industry while Hailey had the best background, thanks to her relationship with the Harrington family.

Seeing the two women’s hostility toward Natalie, it was only natural for them to follow the powerful and avoid the weak. It would been more surprising if they had not singled Natalie out.

In any case, Natalie was not surprised. It was not the first time that Hailey had caused her to be isolated.

Despite the camaraderie of the others, it seemed like a war had started silently as soon as the outfits were brought in. After all, this was a competition.

When the outfits were being brought in, the group of models rushed forward and began to choose their outfits. In the end, when everything was done, the clueless Natalie was only left with a mismatched outfit.

At this time, Hailey, who was holding a gorgeous long feathered grown, looked at Natalie kindly and explained, “Oh, Natalie, didn’t you know? For the first round, you have to fight for the outfits you want. It’s on a first-come-first-served basis!”

When an employee nearby overheard this and saw the confused expression on Natalie’s face, she said impatiently, “This change was proposed by the Watson Group yesterday. How could you not know? We’ve already informed all the models yesterday!”

Hailey ‘kindly’ explained, "Perhaps no one told her because she doesn’t have an agent and doesn’t belong to any agency."

In fact, Hailey was the one behind the change in the first round. How could she inform Natalie about it?

“Oh, you’re just a freelancer? Well, you should feel grateful that you even made it to the finals then,” the employee said with a disdainful expression on her face. In her opinion, someone like Natalie would be eliminated soon.

Natalie’s outfit consisted of an oversized beige mink coat, a plaid skirt, and a furry hat. It was hard to tell which designer’s clothes she was wearing. From the looks of it, it seemed like she might really be eliminated soon.

The other models’ outfits were only average, but compared to Natalie’s, they looked quite good.

At this moment, Arwyn walked past Natalie with her outfit in hand and smiled at her mockingly. She looked at Natalie as though she was looking at an ant.

Natalie used to admire Arwyn’s works, but now, she changed her mind completely.

The other models were all eagerly anticipating Natalie’s performance. After all, with every elimination, their chances to win would increase.

After that, everyone was tense, contemplating their poses to showcase their outfits. Just as everyone was about to walk out, someone exclaimed in surprise. They turned around and saw Natalie.

She looked powerful and noble dressed in her outfit. She wore a pair of deerskin boots. She wore her coat over the plaid skirt. Despite the incongruity, it somehow worked on her. With her dark makeup, there was a hint of wildness to her look. Even the strange fur hat did not look out of place on her.

‘Isn’t it supposed to be like a beggar’s outfit? Why does it look so good on her?’

In comparison, their outfits lacked distinctive features and looked generic.

Although Hailey felt indignant, she had already expected this. She looked at Arwyn and deliberately said, “She’s always been like this. She likes to pretend, giving people the illusion that she’s weak. However, she knows exactly what she’s doing and will deliver a blow to her opponents at the last moment.”